jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/11179-objectclass.context.jsonld zQmV96aH6cvVsgLhgJ7WgLgbYaMEXntkFw2cpkGga1BKSWP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/11179-objectclassproperty.context.jsonld zQmTo8QKRcGYCrMsCCLHJzA7w63cA4iDxCBWrkAuosnSnT5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/11179-permitted-value-conceptmap.context.jsonld zQmWTTMuTE7J6VRrkqzxcxyou47Uwf18CjZDCTkpt2rv9Sw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/11179-permitted-value-valueset.context.jsonld zQmX9v4L7eTeCZphFu6nEVXgS3c7bX4CfdWRVzT9mAoxq7w
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/account.context.jsonld zQmNi4GRLdcixrZ4JruVRbepkQkftNYYWon4MbS1QSCatHJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/account.coverage.context.jsonld zQmX44WKAGbnbvpwhSBaovVJMYkbXLQ4M367kB5mBNxj69v
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/account.guarantor.context.jsonld zQmZhPjgvN6Y3XGkaVcmH5tzpj1EUcZkgFkbmcC2uuMdaTu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/activitydefinition.context.jsonld zQmVk9coGtTaFQLXkkhpVnaBxc9Lq32swrvEm1DYAaLxso5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/activitydefinition.dynamicvalue.context.jsonld zQmexFjdZTNrkLChXfGs8fstpSopY2T3xyYsqJCCoaKNCHt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/activitydefinition.participant.context.jsonld zQmPmFoh25qGJST5JfbGJHq7Qh9ReJjGhVt4oG4DRiZzqi3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/actualgroup.context.jsonld zQmZryRmA1txXBYt5vdEatgKs9jRKg3XdFn9RedAeK3YPrQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/address.context.jsonld zQmUHgn5cE6AiBDAuAHWxzBXjFCFdPw8brmdrvkjqi8xbbS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/adverseevent.context.jsonld zQmUQz5UbG9v7rUjfHeYCt1DAPLddj1vPnao3twFz2iTeqH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/adverseevent.suspectentity.causality.context.jsonld zQmSxYgfst5Bt4edKzEapzVxTr1cnhKQjGZafqkshgSLxYi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/adverseevent.suspectentity.context.jsonld zQmbDmn7xWTQe7qNqFM6QfniEWenkiAbEVSpqUosdsSWM8Y
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/age.context.jsonld zQmQ4quM9BmaogmjAZqvUtLqrW2vQcFecmgXbgbpyuMjFMD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-asserteddate.context.jsonld zQmcuCK5TiGMu7hizzZ6LCXk219EhnCPkhGX43hsWS5waUk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-certainty.context.jsonld zQmRWuDDdJWe4zhzwpnUM61AcroHvEWfcMPmktiBGYuaMXv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance.context.jsonld zQmd7hTKgfhWcYGb7T5H7dHLoEWHCgHoKaVZUNYVefCwqHV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-duration.context.jsonld zQmd8JJxAMzh9cH8NXEy7JR9g2pu2oJaNgt96QnxkFTeSsW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance.reaction.context.jsonld zQmPUe68BVRnyNf3WVC6uuB5CNbrudviRX88AHuXXsKmFAy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-reasonrefuted.context.jsonld zQmaxxEBPC97ncF7egXDAGr6pUTAp4uWFyEkHXxzuqXE8dx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-resolutionage.context.jsonld zQmPpCxMz6aKdXWZ85FPubo3s7PW1gEag3KaU96J4dUZopF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/allergyintolerance-substanceexposurerisk.context.jsonld zQmPmknsP31uJ4yA55PdrTneCJvKBhesBDxrbnM7WaX4L6Z
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/annotation.context.jsonld zQmQdwkHcfZ67PXQMomuFmNhy7v6YZhWhGP6KkrXeHuw7rk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/appointment.context.jsonld zQmewBcCmJ6rULeSbWkRaurTUR6TPTWAgS3TjcovpVdh6pw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/appointment.participant.context.jsonld zQmQgbW25tnmhPqQhQziFa8zWQhwfijT8MbeBQboBiitd4c
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/appointmentresponse.context.jsonld zQmaww3NZQPrVBjzZ2Cj45FmLWdfdDSx8kK5NQ2aWCbQddV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/attachment.context.jsonld zQmbXBD35wQq4Xwq9dwC1HdEE1gNvF8L35WSJNWgPndu9hJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-accession.context.jsonld zQmNnRi3nzDrdPN56rVMGjcYF9Q7TaL2WuPecgTJnXmAZqY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.agent.context.jsonld zQmUKynmNniCCkxib9dbFc7cxsrFc9SLvr9z36FVYuqGhRD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.agent.network.context.jsonld zQmctrTJ53ZMyknh1mtxrpjfX6Lfd4FG6uqPwTXGVyRiUNY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-anonymized.context.jsonld zQmQhdP6nucKvDXGhcumbL13dxooXE2rfTzZaxbuqucJ2nQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.context.jsonld zQmeAP3aTKKuypaxxjSQymdhxCJvc15GBPtwK4TZFg11jox
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-encrypted.context.jsonld zQmNaYNWbC13Q1fWn6QXZeG7zPA7meiJns5MjcCrDMzwgAY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.entity.context.jsonld zQmRJpgsC3Y3nnmwMEBSowCnjCRkTz9VqsjQaa7eK9AothD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.entity.detail.context.jsonld zQmWonmFMHyTUQxJpWEvTuQngGmSc5iuUfcipwZj2U5zMah
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-instance.context.jsonld zQmWuWn1c9Ntvdk7P6FSiLEpCPDL1kYwnx72Hcnka6zBY5s
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-mpps.context.jsonld zQmYm6EELGLbTTzGtEViAYShMq2BUm8h2VGECzqrMAWzsmj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-numberofinstances.context.jsonld zQmbRSMKTc2BJ6sTbtoREKA76859EJdL7XrMzmjqjdn7dA6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-participantobjectcontainsstudy.context.jsonld zQmdM2WamARUDEfk4XMX81KddzYQCVAsiPREE7JVJi13tHu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent-sopclass.context.jsonld zQmQD392461Po3byc5KebEfHwEjhx3UBkJ99czxo69ge6ss
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/auditevent.source.context.jsonld zQmR8KnQWxKwCJfbvDfWEMPDn4AUqEanwW84LnXUXhidT9E
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/backboneelement.context.jsonld zQmYS9MrJQT2Chet3Z42aST3JqUNPz4JrPacR3U5hZs1ffR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/base64binary.context.jsonld zQmfAUka53C8xgCh5vyfnpEMcq8brZTHsCMpFrNSSDvvPax
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/basic.context.jsonld zQmUvKNXkfhRrJd3tawU3yY7oFYACd7BVEqWE6jX1CGuuUA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/binary.context.jsonld zQmbF5kzmdGdSQhBRSKtPK1zXKtDgtH8L2cLXqUuAC2FuDp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/biologicallyderivedproduct.collection.context.jsonld zQmauGRGMYcfY2UCdHNhY8TLo7jzVa4YoYevKCvnfHS979F
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/biologicallyderivedproduct.context.jsonld zQmNeUQiHYTcS4pEGfWGLd9a5AQ4BRfaSH4ggqmg6crd6kg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/biologicallyderivedproduct.manipulation.context.jsonld zQmQ7ZwyBcKtU3MvwDTEXmvoeKrd3pTuG2siHyw8WZajpbX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/biologicallyderivedproduct.processing.context.jsonld zQmeB1u5pF1GXt3vV7X46Rq3p1LrC23km33eMMUaUmBGHfs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/biologicallyderivedproduct.storage.context.jsonld zQmbLzTT3uUKzzyt5efps1TAS8GDpnjYdLRC7CK4FN9bn8j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bmi.context.jsonld zQmQvV4FUTs2GbwkLgYxFrhzx5a7cCbKJwSCpDsz4TsLWSg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bodyheight.context.jsonld zQmUdC7WkPDr5LV8EwfsqLUCFSBcYTu6uX1GTAZdNvwfDWu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bodysite.context.jsonld zQmag4mcHHZRJzQ43go8tQFoNQB5SKcwqndTGGpAMCijbzX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bodystructure.context.jsonld zQmSiDRyibXjyp78NKgMLFT2DHHHw59swP9g4MndokYSH23
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bodytemp.context.jsonld zQmbYTK5yJ6bvYU1umfQrzMFYWiAxyGWDHoMcwijqxGBDm1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bodyweight.context.jsonld zQmdKg6GkGCCreBnrWMTR57d863Qth5mH7CXf5gSCyoziz6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/boolean.context.jsonld zQmeabGs3B3SmnJuZzC3XdjohQEfD2H9d66ThhpBfgANn4c
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bp.context.jsonld zQmVbFEWcyzGNMBMcZPorkgNsD8xPtwKfjgH5UEmcH6H4vA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.context.jsonld zQmPnZTMPhs8xwnKzpVk2vi9hirhHReyrJrjm1ohUpCghBo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.entry.context.jsonld zQmSfdutfPvRmvnNG87pSBTc3L538bAhLZrwNEVzcTCv2Zq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.entry.request.context.jsonld zQmWuxMc3WYQVVVG4DTYeFRXfugMMxRPiPFSzvT3if4rUwg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.entry.response.context.jsonld zQmbX5ajzWpboatxLRLj79mpZXprbmcJ1xHWg5GjZkyF6g4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.entry.search.context.jsonld zQmZpfv1N519m1esA5jqZz19fyfMRKJNP7AgXXLVJKfSqxB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/bundle.link.context.jsonld zQme5YV3LckFaDucfBV7QRKAXPE8EUX8GDAnnH5xY4ySRAA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/canonical.context.jsonld zQmbSE48q16PWe2aXm2xGrbziMhhRv1bkRYytTNWRpJi8GH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilities.context.jsonld zQmayf8KTohozadavNYBrCYCU2P2tDePwkzJ9HyY4YAdbr4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.context.jsonld zQmWM4KNnwsqvsnxGNA5BZmNcrVvnM68zxBwrBadDETmees
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.document.context.jsonld zQmPPRKTJxW9pYPSe8ybTZjgHcAcaZLKfgeug9MEqQTDo3Y
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement-expectation.context.jsonld zQmZcrNe6ytsqKW6Ek1NsivXDeGKwYngRVN8NZU9RLtDdxT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.implementation.context.jsonld zQmbJLfCvREYJWFVquhVRaZvAXaQNoYok1vKYchWPSsEhJd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.messaging.context.jsonld zQmQzq4s7B1EdgSBN6ktkYf2Ni8sTGUT38kUzEHra4KFBM4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.messaging.endpoint.context.jsonld zQmSgPQX1rvwjbPCKGv5JjowGGRfj67YDsXup1MpfKsPQkP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.messaging.supportedmessage.context.jsonld zQmYhERqMo9oM7hchR7HcanJgFvm4E4xr1JH8cWjM1YQbU2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement-prohibited.context.jsonld zQmWm75XBAmEyGPAPUWA4VUQAgvPB22oSjiEm6sTHbCSVgK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.context.jsonld zQmbXFv1hwpt26PDYKexJjYWEU6XpSw4YWzVx4wdzwV6f36
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.interaction.context.jsonld zQmfVrYsEVW4RaQaNHSiEJFQFoFNAojbMV2PNTyDhWPmiKU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.resource.context.jsonld zQmS5wcZiuFkk1cCyCkutxdqNfGTNZsnbj8tGyu5rUJveX2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.resource.interaction.context.jsonld zQmUNvbRNGBdhhYdrfW8S7oBYhTXWZJVdiZwJHdS4h58DDt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.resource.operation.context.jsonld zQmcRD42aQPvyeyBB1MrkGyymkQ9kNZJEq354LLxZb9WQbe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.resource.searchparam.context.jsonld zQmUcsKDStcRAF4vxojyhmjTmMmzk1X7ymjvELGbco8HrLH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.rest.security.context.jsonld zQmZ6gqkdcMMg798rkUBGLPWZpDBGTzeZf5gtSJdU2ZdUmR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement-search-parameter-combination.context.jsonld zQmWxpecbCankeckqGUhXoWARP9JS5tVAtUHwrYUD9jwjsE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement.software.context.jsonld zQmbv9Tin2h55JhXSACNtpX38EKy19p7x8iwuTnRk1vnumz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement-supported-system.context.jsonld zQmdg4ykcbim7Kj7VVcL8EwHhJXoXkh2sMuKx1ndCwhU1ZX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/capabilitystatement-websocket.context.jsonld zQmXWHdL4nDyxz2UGntkUCWfvobJ6AiPGs9oe1LaysAPiuW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careplan.activity.context.jsonld zQmZWWLzKq5LJkonkBhcidPZuypPgh9nbRaJDVTqyt1snWa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careplan.activity.detail.context.jsonld zQmPLvM6J82GB8FNdDHYwpgrhEnejmRLMMqAbUaoFJwqDF1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careplan-activity-title.context.jsonld zQmNsnSADBD4XkrGXosEtGp1xtDhyMRC3UsCC61SMTJUkui
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careplan.context.jsonld zQmaA56TH6WL24w8EJWbCEv7pgGtuuaG8Meqss2B4V49f11
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careteam.context.jsonld zQmNuahxNetm2dsRk2XnRMQaqfaDRUKKSdLEvNhC4nLkx6n
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/careteam.participant.context.jsonld zQmPe3ZkpmgeBYKpupLhtHmM8rYTB6VQRkZ9NygbPQn1uqH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/catalog.context.jsonld zQmS86kqxJQGkAkoWVq9qGXugNtbjzpVd4TdvYK2ed5CpFN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/catalogentry.context.jsonld zQmQUGjEPqCxK98qqXN94RohFJVWajN4UXPegDQm52agUJ7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/catalogentry.relatedentry.context.jsonld zQmNvwz66QBiM3NVfjNM5RWGzCP9jkb2QRJX9k9UdGQxktf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cdshooksguidanceresponse.context.jsonld zQmb1XE1bWTKC3KTwvEzsPdJEaEdLuVyCfhCWUiRWhyqShX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cdshooksrequestgroup.context.jsonld zQmZExZgH1XaQXpV4fDExHxbjZK5NgThNV7UHCBMshSr3Lt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cdshooksserviceplandefinition.context.jsonld zQmPKgF3t261WxU1S7m4G25E8YN4MktkJRjTViiJozQtquG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitem.context.jsonld zQmaLGGqGkaGWfBShTiJ7KNmBhrBWLkLoE4QBv9y2prPwCD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitemdefinition.applicability.context.jsonld zQmXfDfQAbZF8Wa83vQnHQCs6eZ5QpfgFgkfTKGUPs71Uus
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitemdefinition.context.jsonld zQmXPdNMtYaAD36B5zdGGdTHyuoXekjHwKjooxWVTD6eRWW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitemdefinition.propertygroup.context.jsonld zQma8hmaoiiJ5MtZX3uU3bBkPbdiUbQvghoTYNZBAHKWe2m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitemdefinition.propertygroup.pricecomponent.context.jsonld zQmWcpXQ3xHrKMt69USTZTbQfBuLGWj5wMg2qpcNai8PPJr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/chargeitem.performer.context.jsonld zQmcqwMCyf5qfw68RNm5FDca4XuDhLX2be5GKPrV8jaqVEn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cholesterol.context.jsonld zQmRpS2CZJH6YwsrHX6pJxuyvhDx22kWsBkcr2hPK9o4nh6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.accident.context.jsonld zQmYw8FaK9oW7vdPdRHRcMwrrVzoHb2dNA8ff7K7PsnS7Hh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.careteam.context.jsonld zQmPFfizGyQBKUB2UcFHmwEnSy3P3HLLf1vqYxYDUQCMxJw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.context.jsonld zQmXZFEAJaze2SswWZuXJEDfXDEWTPZFJDhFGqedcLERAzZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.diagnosis.context.jsonld zQmNjWaSjnuZtkJAh7ka6bvzGuq9fHd5bXYj8LMv5Ma844R
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.insurance.context.jsonld zQmWSsymSCVzYZ6sfQpVLkgfeuKajjzXGNCt59N2BJ2GxGJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.item.context.jsonld zQmZe2uYVhrNVrm6SvbcqaD1cEMmJKNiYccfkiVz42sSBCV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.item.detail.context.jsonld zQmZsxLdj2SsFyyHqHAdXXvgEt4TDjrYWpj8cLc2ohZRVpr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.item.detail.subdetail.context.jsonld zQmXkzm1FtBZdsPkUry6qMhNLCYp3Z3XLskCBo3wJBWrPvF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.payee.context.jsonld zQmPDSXbfLhwqVnchUYqhwJqN7C6eVr9FKLr2yxBEepbvKd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.procedure.context.jsonld zQmb4tyaSeszj3fssfi9mc9vGWmS12VhuHyRcq9Tn6TNNzv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.related.context.jsonld zQmb8hME5ZrY1cHP3zTLynhKuHCogk1LKCAEteHGU3ZBYvc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.additem.context.jsonld zQmeF6HgzVoagn4PeqHjf5qN2N9cCdLWQviuvxb4L3B3b4o
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.additem.detail.context.jsonld zQmQeuq9ZY1SBkmreotRbLqw1KLmB1k5tDM93bvxM6bxMyB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.additem.detail.subdetail.context.jsonld zQmY7yXQt6M6WwV7vTR3H9QjvdiEc6yPam3vcqfS5nKkk8P
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.context.jsonld zQmT55wBAtYFLSjY6e2eN8WbueEQYnmwQx51JLGiCB9B54F
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.error.context.jsonld zQmarKmzLbGQAsyMy6At925fmkVXPkquN1LWx1rRRZDf23b
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.insurance.context.jsonld zQmXF5Vd3qbbFmyFK1PCbR6G36aitgZcvRDkLVQEz1uxx1J
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.item.adjudication.context.jsonld zQmQTkC9KjprDfiDJG2uBxTyKwf8sk3Qm6RVJf33iguCCFG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.item.context.jsonld zQmWh4AQxL1Q8s2E4VdMnJRiN5dgCUhu1HxnLtjiXL9FGsH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.item.detail.context.jsonld zQma5Pigp18iuZnvUNWNFYk35XGDNZnB4zMfrhY9fgYzcVh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.item.detail.subdetail.context.jsonld zQmTUp2oUS9ALsH4u84H1wWXCwPF3LUZZTe5XnuMgasj6uB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.payment.context.jsonld zQmadYSZy8u2phFcrBY5EGb44rnYyVhazDsayCbKzCkEKsz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.processnote.context.jsonld zQmYV1GNfKkmWPa8f8wgbKvYbm1R43VGzLaKKdberDnUG6r
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claimresponse.total.context.jsonld zQmdGRGbrZT2Jmkz584T6uVWKESryiSXFtPcPhiwnW9MH3h
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/claim.supportinginfo.context.jsonld zQmdD7iMET43obYioFNotqgocJEhgMVDB4JdhcmWf4Gj8Ar
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/clinicaldocument.context.jsonld zQmYvZFYR9nqAgWspDgi5HNBprqaJT6DWq3kU79EhEGXP7X
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/clinicalimpression.context.jsonld zQmZ2Nttsys7bgoGnbMroKXNCXp9rUAwnLCtCZ9W8qLGjRp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/clinicalimpression.finding.context.jsonld zQmYxA9RGVt4y9z2cLemaANKw39woFaQc4GCBJewMz41iEg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/clinicalimpression.investigation.context.jsonld zQmTyz1kTTijnASHm7pLMmTQqpJ2PdT4tmPk8ayZZu3oLTh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codeableconcept.context.jsonld zQmZExCKUv8eRCoa9uVAaJR6cni7mf4136o7PzUpag7FpJ2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/code.context.jsonld zQmRwV2gmeSdgp8Y8q1fwiKKzrAxbAKMWCX2Fq5JvBP37bf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-alternate.context.jsonld zQmNyxFXxYWKGx5q34bbQrFQUG2t3gHkMEsoCbuGZzCM2us
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-author.context.jsonld zQmWf5NH4KaTk2GvtoVS7ue3a3Ep5vMznjmzWMZZ8gya92P
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-concept-comments.context.jsonld zQmU7KpsewrMMcwdnfxvhfjHr6MCy588NhzjVoeE9EJv1NF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.concept.context.jsonld zQmSMjB7t2LmfVUBa8irG3DMHbBEUBpMXG4AdMPX3tujZX6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.concept.designation.context.jsonld zQmS7iyLHsondVNqNr3z4VvVKFdYFjjnbEK74EYtqdRznqp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-conceptorder.context.jsonld zQmeTybXk7onMJcPPkm8iQ5exsnXtVVZdnVf83Vo97pdCbM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.concept.property.context.jsonld zQmXFJ8EoarmPWgqoPEawyXWQ9BeN9Wa63HTzJQyeUzLqbh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.context.jsonld zQmPfmaCcBhZmgM8qXPZH81kYSyUCLdoBk4sCbEmJKDZeFU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-effectivedate.context.jsonld zQmb8qQvM7eMNgVpBKBSofmyAoPCGgXACG1Jn4pHHExKeRe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-expirationdate.context.jsonld zQmdu5eoA7DhHUoNFKr3RNYALub3AYYBMoDY395MwMJ6NQW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.filter.context.jsonld zQmT56B4GnyBX4y17mSco5xhPzDfuP69puewugnx7TbxXNW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-history.context.jsonld zQmYntiBhgQaoNGCPAH2ZYG6jgdjRds8QJgjpE6o43PEoir
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-keyword.context.jsonld zQmUvhBkTLCH4VbDYUX8MqZ2KqNViaejoQartBFozTLsjuT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-label.context.jsonld zQmT3JV5ydGgGFLrF3d24gsDzbvob6CfVM9KYVHeEkY44ye
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-map.context.jsonld zQmYB3h9mXNLQ51wUiPppVFYyo58sd4V3vPUbYnNUAnTMhD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-othername.context.jsonld zQmca7MTsXHtJsBhJnQZZF6rCmLu9VvXCe4UsyqVLf5Cpoa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem.property.context.jsonld zQmdaAFQdVBjpsRZSRHyK1BKcwduhfxxAjKZcup1Bu1SiFv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-replacedby.context.jsonld zQmQsm2q99pYi3bBGYrTgyUsy7huvSZYxvepootUWdkyW4k
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-sourcereference.context.jsonld zQmR4QEWxoiALgFyxhncLfn861o8k518z3R7RbKiojSLJZ7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-trusted-expansion.context.jsonld zQmNhhea4xHbMuLuRf7t8363v2CPjFCP1Fx4FfCdH8t175m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-usage.context.jsonld zQmbejta7M4bxYXPhbmuxTNTmjWerSBfwgdp9mVQErVmSSt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-warning.context.jsonld zQmeNYdpYLvARgMGYsmULxjiPrbF4q7nkaCCF35uckqwdRs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/codesystem-workflowstatus.context.jsonld zQmPW4VAW8y5VXcaGY2BFUmx8kGDsXrPqqNX5nzt1jYu4sr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coding.context.jsonld zQmb7xHAndmf8Mx28x7hrTeU8UAGZAXcWnRCYVT5GkN3anE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coding-sctdescid.context.jsonld zQmbwHSfPM1BQfVXv5xApnazyERoatW4j5WqtUNfDx49GFD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communication.context.jsonld zQmWttUGj11nHvEoXKJP3kYQsvQjpZrwDXw5NERi7hsFwKn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communication-media.context.jsonld zQmNRg95aWuZFvaJPD81wQ1mkyPrzGMyTCsxepmWZTHeCR6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communication.payload.context.jsonld zQmdWtVqrGhPyC7Dzgbhn5aoKDZ8x5ZTad6wLX23e9eVqM8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communicationrequest.context.jsonld zQmVXXo3Z9yvJoddBFjyat5Rwr8eqp88JprF8UFr26cp3Co
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communicationrequest-initiatinglocation.context.jsonld zQmZtJmprNEXqaRzeh6xwK2EZrDRGrx8reDDyc2HW6yMDS6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/communicationrequest.payload.context.jsonld zQmcA1ByiXfZSdathuZrD4sYM69NFEaNtx33UiCCNtLTkKP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/compartmentdefinition.context.jsonld zQmRP7ezL2VW7EEVgUh3vXDk7BSLq4eCzDdkeP5q4xN1pXk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/compartmentdefinition.resource.context.jsonld zQmeXYjaRP6GGi38kKsq9USphzqzR63MLMjgYGrVezSyAoh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.attester.context.jsonld zQmS67WuJbihUjivpAB7NbB5ufVHFJhoCvGQiQkfp1FpVJj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition-clinicaldocument-otherconfidentiality.context.jsonld zQmfVuqnNGDvpK2PUNDU6cHMVj5qggFUNhYLrRuHsdDqny2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition-clinicaldocument-versionnumber.context.jsonld zQmNtaxgArdNn5NJFkvqS2s2RAL27vxAD4Y5FFKgswhzoZr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.context.jsonld zQmVBSaHgQEeewaGjHuB6N3WWGAiGcBWCgr5RjECVPutugh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.event.context.jsonld zQmQx8YcfD7Vfrhnrdbmujccvjx4tatr4rFgrUow3FuKPVk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.relatesto.context.jsonld zQmSZSYvMSzu9VxC7quxUGenoXkQKfAx3Ja3BQL7aPE73qy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.section.context.jsonld zQmPGqiVnVGcHTh44Fp2ymTyqzzj7tb7FKdreCYtWZw8Utk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.section:medications.context.jsonld zQmWXZespRxGgipkZhpwVZW1cnHjuFyyKWaKvNhKqxJJgtK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.section:plan.context.jsonld zQmdqH658sj2vUN9noBgc3EMTzDpf5Uzrt9bwLvmWxQnSJ9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition.section:procedure.context.jsonld zQmWCumeXgX1QtMctgGDAcqywFxi6rb3Xsq5j6W8E9Ljqdn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/composition-section-subject.context.jsonld zQmTsjVKtmjRfrSmjK7T5trXMkHWiqUMziyctzXwAjbGaDv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/computableplandefinition.context.jsonld zQmSR5EFDPtgD9dSh8hLh2FdveBb2VUMar5Kg3xi9vdS7RJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/concept-bidirectional.context.jsonld zQmWWdX5okCTmcKqJkYgCTRXsdZzv8TJSyfMTfNr4qUCY2f
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.context.jsonld zQmPyTVFzxpR5B5FwkKsm3ropmfkN3FEQoHZ78EDDtxotGL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.group.context.jsonld zQmZZj9XtgighqzkAqd6fKoykup67ghu3UyXG1FShBmMDdK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.group.element.context.jsonld zQmRqtKJEULXPkb8k9z3zxMkDMLALxpDFjuUPNEnSjA6sDR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.group.element.target.context.jsonld zQma8ShuR58NgrAVCeGGTCVNCYiYnmFJDTVTCefxz8mMPcr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.group.element.target.dependson.context.jsonld zQmcZgFyvJqy4kkw8XLx8aQAipKQusbySZ3VAsNLc3qkYmr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/conceptmap.group.unmapped.context.jsonld zQmVBPwrhsSt3FkcmKL9UWZWhjQp1j5tUCVPjnfL6dqyJUp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-asserteddate.context.jsonld zQmSS9zXy2gAuE5Y7ShbwichQcbEYGPo63GumadRuV13tKC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition.context.jsonld zQmQauhPXMVqLzdretjbUwm2rFfSEgfEPfHTsau2q7Qx9zk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-dueto.context.jsonld zQmRWGRSmHw1toBLcLZJcSK61jHZMMhQpeMnGGbxSnZENsW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition.evidence.context.jsonld zQmQKw3j4GE1aiXT9epjf9NxjrtPktTKrHzAHfSo4pGzyxP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-occurredfollowing.context.jsonld zQmTCByTtM87QF7Rwn1qwX3hjdDA9Vai2FFCxriu4VN5smg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-outcome.context.jsonld zQmdgN3RvYrSJ2G8ZPVVgoyNRvmdcyZtEgnrS6j51MwDByj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-related.context.jsonld zQmbrcuxyKhzdLJf1UJHMRnsQKhLVMggemvYKaEa1zEJNRz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition-ruledout.context.jsonld zQmdF9CUBwAKyQFobwZJRWyk9MbNPHGiEWXED4ueemGgn68
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/condition.stage.context.jsonld zQmSk627aCzUKAeznXGz2EAgsgdVqH2bfimbPkeGbhujLid
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.context.jsonld zQmVQWFRDTTtavX1esJUnBhPhdCPzEHEexTgqkN6H3ngASH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent-location.context.jsonld zQmdNwd4yWwB2uPs6CsAWcUj135XKPLqsRR18MCkE7pf4C8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent-notificationendpoint.context.jsonld zQmQURS2zYAKyjXWpzvGoVi6yu5BjogM77FGjvXib5tS1gS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.policy.context.jsonld zQmYqr32ycAB9j7CT82CrkdzL3FskTJgWXMv4sTrvQpppoF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.provision.actor.context.jsonld zQmcsyg99ShoVm11UbTEk8ySzhGzU4RM3at8x7y8kiXyPr4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.provision.context.jsonld zQmT6nczk5aREh3uVBCbzbMHe4cKZnS83pJsNw6NMWKtApm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.provision.data.context.jsonld zQmXkzdnkroBsKBR9dJQdiLH6WGEg2hZrwuPW4x46pywWpZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent-transcriber.context.jsonld zQmRQzfro1SG3dFh4erazJtSHwSviXAetQymdg15bpk6AgE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent.verification.context.jsonld zQmVgTVzGa9baRGcdygp3Csc68SQGDFE2NMUCFJoe2mKDch
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/consent-witness.context.jsonld zQmb9gEsbWqwQuF8LEqQ34qfSwGvUJoSciF74QDGQZKSyHH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactdetail.context.jsonld zQmcWdU5eiju1W2yqg6EWQVAPp98fM2wGPKEgzC8u9WLPWM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactpoint-area.context.jsonld zQmTgrHj8jE3tQQ7z8sipdZeufewQFdNSH3oGZuZHkhGspX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactpoint.context.jsonld zQmcS61cLTaG8EyurcdRY1aEY9A3qwE2EH7ZYdEAUMnqb5T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactpoint-country.context.jsonld zQmXrzGoBBka7oV6Lm4cXUNZj6i8zGQERKERn93ZHM5NA1w
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactpoint-extension.context.jsonld zQmSqaUQPTegxDUc1VLWvtBESRY7DYph1JGYY3r6VJ2ioAj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contactpoint-local.context.jsonld zQmRuFDUbQMhe26SB4Sq4Ka5GefaGkgr9C3E7TDMeTThPGE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.contentdefinition.context.jsonld zQmXrf1PsHfkCdgfPaBHv3PvABe1Fus4b56MfcFxBgfj2Fh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.context.jsonld zQmYAQnYQGupMBwPWP2K9aREHH12ff3EHCFBvdj46cGQctX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.friendly.context.jsonld zQmRBH8GCicaUKGwY1Dp7dAHXqVZZcDHgx7Z6KJg1ftCLrG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.legal.context.jsonld zQmdD1KQQM95kSnU4QVCopJnv1K1yJTXx6DuA94R3puipRi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.rule.context.jsonld zQme6mCSX7V6UjZyMyKbm2ojUyCVR9XMymmoCo1YvppdQBf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.signer.context.jsonld zQmP6pPW5Dwh6nu7ouLHBH4sbMCypzL2QyNf76aoBn71BFU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.action.context.jsonld zQmdyy7xc5WD9ZwgV2kurp4Gh27CrtrodPYmGu8aSStDeHX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.action.subject.context.jsonld zQmaZCCKz8Z7XXFXXNz3icUBFP2ruwcwuwmcJLm5nXHHwvt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.asset.context.context.jsonld zQmZn5XEncAfqkkuxRyABdQPGCQ3yZxxh4M3Q9Tv5kn6zBa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.asset.context.jsonld zQmaXp7stofMjtVcNzturoBS4bXAaVyjNHp6NXNM7p641M7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.asset.valueditem.context.jsonld zQmRDyyhU3R4wZjf5WunXk13xaP399Hge2por9eDnJWM2na
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.context.jsonld zQmZSohwvjg34uDT2tGjZVEGsWnAYCJLLYpiyNb9rB2mRFQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.offer.answer.context.jsonld zQmXps2aSQDK2z8ZUn2xSRcMHzAq6gE2fBeeSs58fpy9Uzk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.offer.context.jsonld zQmfM8whxaRFmJ7FnJMv62E9MKHqwzMPanMppSLMvjyz8Cy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.offer.party.context.jsonld zQmbx36Lxe3Yfa2UqeZpHN3L2eHcRk8EUkAR4gJMK3jvZnH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contract.term.securitylabel.context.jsonld zQmNXpb4vSj4EAtUmEcjXHYE8NZWxha7sP7U4Wc9XH3aC5z
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/contributor.context.jsonld zQmTEWMdggnid8W2w4jSxuVugvH9FaTQZUTUwU6itS21tDy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/count.context.jsonld zQmauLadCGc6oE36hCcEJjNgPJktkDBCAkf1YyQq9NXs8VB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverage.class.context.jsonld zQmegSpd2nR7YKCFUq4mnm4B9bqvWALyXAZmkf6vb2qVcBm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverage.context.jsonld zQmTJVE56eA9Fq2Xt3gh9mSZoqH2gefhGE8BnfviDp4HGAZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverage.costtobeneficiary.context.jsonld zQmPvtnr4yQssNG4Q3TUvtAYe54N7SFnWs7hBLr4yGMnLqw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverage.costtobeneficiary.exception.context.jsonld zQmQtUeRWQrSaSAUm8XteSx543Jg19VK5kjho6tNzMZ7RLM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityrequest.context.jsonld zQmV3bRjdn1HQPqkVv5mF3HpwM9bY8S5tbNbGRybYKo2UsY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityrequest.insurance.context.jsonld zQma1hYvLi4DwJDmGyNGfGUDZxUUmP3D3SxApAKHpPenqqz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityrequest.item.context.jsonld zQmVnXhVN7qUQ3Hwg5eZYRzZDavUpfEKZgAizRqsxPZ3i8W
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityrequest.item.diagnosis.context.jsonld zQmaUMYzxv4txnZkcrQDYr57de3oM4ofGEz8DahSUAzHa3b
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityrequest.supportinginfo.context.jsonld zQmcgKQ2ehXdynABrzeJAMVxoDZsUrxqdw4meLoKAkkJzGh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityresponse.context.jsonld zQmRHCZZtS8UHKimBeD5fB4LZgXpCFdqngwGzT54azTPSVY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityresponse.error.context.jsonld zQmXxbzSRUiEqstx5oBTEhSEXYPFhE646KSEv5AfsGCFppF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityresponse.insurance.context.jsonld zQmVCtD88mKqodvB7ZaFiVhw5TSxhrKRHYjsmTJXisZFDza
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityresponse.insurance.item.benefit.context.jsonld zQmbMQJSc6Zi3ZwheaXHf4q8AEurYheKYek8yzpHfyXL8kC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/coverageeligibilityresponse.insurance.item.context.jsonld zQmXXh511xQffwMVfMRysjwzYFbQUGJXabujGHhNAmrUmNk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-calculatedvalue.context.jsonld zQmPKE6mH12Z1SpoQZYVB78mpKCCdLkQp8yugFN5B7NgzVs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-cdshooksendpoint.context.jsonld zQmYwAVef1KFnuVAQ9tVDPyTJNMqK7d6XWHMKhv3c1FuZGY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-citation.context.jsonld zQmRk75zpgZ6HYtAe3YufVny4LqcB7L3osSCBnQtAQGATym
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-encounterclass.context.jsonld zQmSqfmssqeg456xpnLSP3TgpjYyxADcWLYW99R9noPMWea
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-encountertype.context.jsonld zQmeZre4vh6rRGXZPLpN1PTVc2V6n3EqdC4CemP9SxcGibB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-expression.context.jsonld zQmdYvCT5RsEUzopqrJeYwLZiWzNugiKGWJJ4FX8BXfYYdA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-initialvalue.context.jsonld zQmcWx8QsYbg3YTrwuHqTMu4Vmg2dmBi4LWUvDSuMVY1yDa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-initiatingorganization.context.jsonld zQmVQh481AwLFFGNRbuT9vnkftWxjBXR21MZnGeR3HQUxhb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-initiatingperson.context.jsonld zQmYtU1q2iD3mz1yfGQs9s6wEF6CZ45erwMbTVfaNa9P2Uw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-library.context.jsonld zQmVjDwZuBmJQVGkgyRJMrou7T668iPM78iRsqtycNh6V8C
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-measureinfo.context.jsonld zQmVxqPA3b3Jnz9p5uAVFPpPWUMhrproi6bo8djZAwkDJ6X
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-qualityofevidence.context.jsonld zQmY3Y36jNZ7S3YkB2kk1c53CEkDhCfmbWFb73P9FKibGGu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-questionnaire.context.jsonld zQmXtFKJjdqTMmBHyAZ3hkvRntZF1ukZghmtPo9xgZaRNu6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-receivingorganization.context.jsonld zQmcQyn5kpEX5owM85GkEY4WY7NS7ZMGQSNm5T66vjHi1Lt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-receivingperson.context.jsonld zQmRjRNhPYcoHLX1VbyQtbF7iBhqitrDu1LzqGC5wnneTmC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-recipientlanguage.context.jsonld zQmdze3ujCSRkotwULquvcWYH4LDVD4j5kuexgVPGPP9eRK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-recipienttype.context.jsonld zQmUYBYzQiuu4YzA9Bu9iYSkRYQsYahkvykMi1HM158P2ru
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-relativedatetime.context.jsonld zQmdh1JKgA8Wfo1sKu9fXgoVbudRv37DTDdptp3uesrbGsi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-strengthofrecommendation.context.jsonld zQmUWwWaYoKmYbA4ZX7b9fKMefwZux7JPzNcHbipSKkW9La
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-systemuserlanguage.context.jsonld zQmSY3cJvzPbRcUKVdoY2TkaH9RYNbkGYCqAU5MATDAkLUX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-systemusertaskcontext.context.jsonld zQmRi2LURAgXpnVGSmzTBRDVs2q8RAtK2n7UEBUZrN2qFqD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqf-systemusertype.context.jsonld zQmW7GfH63uzpwbQFzgnY3cUjAfeg9AzXncAyPzihp2f1jg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqllibrary.context.jsonld zQmW9LSMUNCtsb39Td2otULT4LDrykiFdWWsEZpGXifNFjv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/cqm-validityperiod.context.jsonld zQmSsbs9JyANpAuGYYi3Z7MMBHbyuuZuFy2YPFwwzggFr9B
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/data-absent-reason.context.jsonld zQmScj7BeSEqVDD6eSvwU56rQpmCYqscsZNfDTKpPkSGQ4g
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/datarequirement.codefilter.context.jsonld zQmXJGr4bViRmw33h5aWbvYDzFrG8xa7eRfGzjikFFGLmJ4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/datarequirement.context.jsonld zQma6z9BwKwRPqxe7tFEEha3Xgf26JCaRWyA777SXQdMxjq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/datarequirement.datefilter.context.jsonld zQmf37eMGK1EpEkKfNd8p4hL79RoeuDcE1217WYovP6XvDC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/datarequirement.sort.context.jsonld zQmeQH3Kd2rCnEaW8TKa77U3LhmJ5gZmGVqo8Ba1B2Hbf2g
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/date.context.jsonld zQmTuBzvY9FQR7igezMqRweUQ7pcb372bKt7KhHoKc7guRk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/datetime.context.jsonld zQmZuz2kNewp3pqouAHgHzWgCxvEMGQjYEDkhUwGJAjEU65
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/decimal.context.jsonld zQmWdkoys16Lofzc4GX1i71qXZu6HLan6ZBK5CQJTKqVTD3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/definition.context.jsonld zQmbAEvrtLcrW7dmSKVwgnruCXJQz1orKT4gozmUBn52mwu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/designnote.context.jsonld zQmcgVT57Dg32d4oXLS6LaC6Z2WxAKPZnorSamV1ogQCHon
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/detectedissue.context.jsonld zQmTznQB7oGUByVUVA3iJeqDaQmHrywiUkrtVCbgVBFaxKM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/detectedissue.evidence.context.jsonld zQmS5bwrVKU8pbxGp1K6Yfryvj1PcTbxh7GhHQMKRcJmA1M
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/detectedissue.mitigation.context.jsonld zQmNhaCWg4Mvhu7UezUM7vd2AaSKA4dei9DxMqRkoEN5pCD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.context.jsonld zQmcJzXNMcVLLQ7Yia5ByQ4qNoCCrMhTmAXqNF6ofX5VrH5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.capability.context.jsonld zQmQWLdwnR5Kp7A8DK2t7ETRSvpsy595xYTogK2QjJX4x5m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.context.jsonld zQmW4Xgtsz1PBBpnxf8SXeL3V3bW1em4iDHMp5qfZJ7VCXi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.devicename.context.jsonld zQmeNYfnVG7YxNkUiJfC3bedZVgr54NbzvGLsoGhtMDCjYA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.material.context.jsonld zQmbmPqAzj9JvzsxMk3YK1gb3LcfVXCDwsiMuykFHtrj45t
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.property.context.jsonld zQma2hmLqCA4gq81si7j7trzbSTFHAhVdFXq87q1ygKSvML
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.specialization.context.jsonld zQmf2dTESgmw6JgUSsbZRWnU53S8VgHP7XxLwLNfqoKAib1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicedefinition.udideviceidentifier.context.jsonld zQmbjGcnmepyswBz13b5vViSxwANX68rcA4dTD6tJwCy2Lm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.devicename.context.jsonld zQmTCgyMDM4cjNW1UPd4PnNNczZ1smUFkf4KsG5t5C5fyXF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device-implantstatus.context.jsonld zQmUgoNng2GmsA5fvZMKa7Qte4ddESN2uBLZ31P3Rp7zLJR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicemetric.calibration.context.jsonld zQmaKxZV6wfFc9BVXRb4wdvhiuuxhv4ATZgDsmUwQuyaPDQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicemetric.context.jsonld zQmShUHQBrWDKfRt5AbDE2Adv2CE48kLrW54U3yb49Nnz1f
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicemetricobservation.context.jsonld zQmU8EUyPKMzRG7bMQPUpxYumdZpWZG4iCYz9wJN2bUjZe3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.property.context.jsonld zQmXJYx536qsBSYzzVBnWz28AuhJt3FPMbwL2jwB56PWaxT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicerequest.context.jsonld zQmVrmbKts1gNA5b5eCMG3gg6A7MKze5HUtkoq8FQsHBZMi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicerequest.parameter.context.jsonld zQmWrPBjzZx1W7NwowSMGk6upnKMHF4yxMehbWDNwuDP8gE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/devicerequest-patientinstruction.context.jsonld zQmeVWGSgxYRpYjEJe4GKAZCzXqYisfi73htuHnAg29YiR2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.specialization.context.jsonld zQmawKGLhGCXAZ3LqUakQ8wBNUyjSqBdnWsJ3cGc9aJR8r4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.udicarrier.context.jsonld zQmamRNPdc1U1xxWEqmnEXcNSUvk7tfGcuF1q3RovfbfCNy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/deviceusestatement.context.jsonld zQmefrf8Jvm732e6eJYXL265c4Mzmg1vuFM2StcJfpVa8zm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/device.version.context.jsonld zQmaBzB1t5Fyrsc8wJZRZTGEQpQAgaz6UquNu3gdgWpVVQQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-addendumof.context.jsonld zQmeKd1aysAEf1gT2eFY6ir1ZyYuz9pb8RtwGYHUYAXTFtB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport.context.jsonld zQmWCFKmea4M3yJMdMnYGkLtGB55zNeuvRqMhnRF3rysB5T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-extends.context.jsonld zQmY9VisTU4vnfCFq1iKYnYSyApx3RLuteQ92TbqFYbjYe6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-geneticsanalysis.context.jsonld zQmPMhSneRa8rCicUpsfZ1LRm81L11YCZY3bMSkMA73PPch
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-geneticsassessedcondition.context.jsonld zQmR1BT5dfhqKwrJfXF4DZ6LB4H32YawpQMWg1Vco7Vcgip
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-genetics.context.jsonld zQmYt9WJHjMUGMYNd9C17i253LmjtMjSfGzHnjizPWgaMWp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-geneticsfamilymemberhistory.context.jsonld zQmcKS32mchTo8Ebx9kjAyWk3F8YymhV7WFEAAUG3c6iSKP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-geneticsreferences.context.jsonld zQmXUzsRVzRvfWJUK2QqEGPnTuku83KrDEjnUdYHJeHXqvB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-locationperformed.context.jsonld zQmPLKjfhPMawcuRXZEy57yZr4v8VfrfqE1FQ7uoroxSF8K
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport.media.context.jsonld zQmeiXpMAUj3zpmVxtyWFbxoq97D4uPxEH5gABLz9eWcsFs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-replaces.context.jsonld zQmZkpfs5JfELNt7p5QR5r9XYmJhzTYmrWj7BAZsu9LSJnC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-risk.context.jsonld zQmSG8neSYHGvJYrJfi3Ng5NCMKuk1aQw8xEHZdGmH9YkRu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/diagnosticreport-summaryof.context.jsonld zQmZA8EXSSwmPRHN32eDxREKhZiwhk79N7fdF59M3pofKjw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/display.context.jsonld zQmcc6yFCTd4rFt1gqoL7D6RAh4iTGG7DNrPRu44cBwY2E5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/distance.context.jsonld zQmS8QZbjXnWrxp6dLQNCpNk6xQvfNZay7giM7sR3TwPQYZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentmanifest.context.jsonld zQmY4ynAQwC6sKKjyxFyzZARqV1T9DBXHjaiMAJHN7qtRnu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentmanifest.related.context.jsonld zQmZTJGLceioHfSvB4vP1Qbisx8ESLxGQa36dvMdVRegN2Q
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentreference.content.context.jsonld zQmQp9h5bHpJiLGEGCeMo619URfYrSsBzxiZEZfJrEiwLW1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentreference.context.context.jsonld zQmQLp4VRz8UPxf4rPrYipx5hqpzHwJJPaZiP9w7UcwHFfi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentreference.context.jsonld zQmR7k9jbEKV8vgMBZrC4dXspKH2SNoTpwTRdwnKesvuFAv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/documentreference.relatesto.context.jsonld zQmdhL2u7H3XysDnLyiygYAgtPTKxL3JoYxra173rih6aQr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/domainresource.context.jsonld zQmc7aFwuoLKtytEjLoN8jm1YKayKdoSBd3ZHGE6Wrm31oD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/dosage.context.jsonld zQmaPg6egfKmkCnBcMx8cgXJhmY41NHXsQ8SF53ExEQemAr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/dosage.doseandrate.context.jsonld zQmSMxnfZBLX4uDjm5GzjtBCbeW21HErL6Ktdh6vBCYvk7Z
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/duration.context.jsonld zQmeMZRcn32uYjb9AUX6xS9LyvDRLuiitk5AzzH7eBPhSbT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.certainty.certaintysubcomponent.context.jsonld zQmUBjMfJxqP37GybswjRvbADCsLDeMPAexFqZLsLTsDD77
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.certainty.context.jsonld zQmQ462YBt8XSBDxmndK4rEQnHCXnsf4x4WP4DTXzBGcR1o
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.context.jsonld zQmaD48qS3u3rWZEYdu7ZtsvVsBFvU64JkDbrhyBViBLqUM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.effectestimate.context.jsonld zQmckPKfjwdGALDKgZQaPzFqxTD7Asno9t3S4KLjBqAicvF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.effectestimate.precisionestimate.context.jsonld zQmUxXginfD56e72y1Q2P3pJiw1HVCMJeBfs3EsEvqDSkuY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.resultsbyexposure.context.jsonld zQmNSkXBqN7Aqcnj3Yzoe2wnmfUmv1y57kcTa3go9KtYTwV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/effectevidencesynthesis.samplesize.context.jsonld zQmbeFRzQo9CcrXwwaCvsQdqARPVNgpqwiab1B6qcde5Zeu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/ehrsrle-auditevent.context.jsonld zQmNsWqM8QGFfn8WTgBmHJUFDho8wZV6433zakjYdZx9kYD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/ehrsrle-provenance.context.jsonld zQmSxYboTDnesQ1eUV549poLWWgp1BLw1a8vzhkNPmq4M1t
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/element.context.jsonld zQmdZ29gnK9u8fg857GBZCpdQhKWA6BpQgzjx89ecp58GXV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-allowedunits.context.jsonld zQmWJ1WCyjYVEeNCNMzdJF7FqqExTx9xdqgrawYfU1rUNoE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.base.context.jsonld zQmX8yQfmevXqHafDipwW1gBVThS4TnXyxnHhbUmvAE4jDS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-bestpractice.context.jsonld zQmbfLkNfVw91rPYpd2fLKz7jdb9MAWVenpLCpVQwwdj587
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-bestpractice-explanation.context.jsonld zQmYVL6anT9VMRD7MNJDnqLdH9FJV19hw5oMm3xcZeUkZWf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.binding.context.jsonld zQmaNAWZoZpzzzeTnrRfL7h613wGAqUUQnJvJjaVcNKSfaY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-bindingname.context.jsonld zQmWYBhxqy7JvEYEcYk1efRGvcmTh3Sv2qAJunZUitwV4en
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.constraint.context.jsonld zQmfTg2rTprMEdByhJz83ZWKo5yv2ecW57nL92gWuyFfbQ7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.context.jsonld zQmS3vJLYxqRvJQ8WsekH4k9Z2eZ1s9VcT7e8HmqJfGbi9T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-de.context.jsonld zQmTQY22KKnoPAtakwGoQJtMHgUkCJLDbHRmYrmmdnkujmy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-equivalence.context.jsonld zQmNzW4mYz9e2iYCY4KoDv2FYgYFqeXqVgUGWgo1Q8GjVdG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.example.context.jsonld zQmV6myTcqsrPrxRXndhmV7U2p5ArcAhxtBPuPjKEvdTTfv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-identifier.context.jsonld zQmao3vU3hRKJWmapfVL1wYj8rpPST8jojn7sCc53sK23gr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-inheritedextensiblevalueset.context.jsonld zQmR1Knrm9drY8mAnFLhQ1K1HbTwhtnm33xA7DD97n5eHYc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-iscommonbinding.context.jsonld zQmS8P9WVUVmAUiyh45mDtNaATQKYqj6wMGR2DRxkWen2md
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.mapping.context.jsonld zQmSUVvLuHiVz3rXnCD8gDeG1rTaeEHfekod89AqXRUMafX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-maxvalueset.context.jsonld zQmWJp9rjJ4E1ZWokBpwXi6cxTyZtZKKm3DZn7aWvR2xosu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-minvalueset.context.jsonld zQmS8RXfcVujgqyre9zUaRLjaN1pzfFk9cmyw2KC5mfX9am
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-namespace.context.jsonld zQmPSxyqSj1GGQqyVGz6w1qnDCdHxiuM3hCcm1FKqeo8aAm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-profile-element.context.jsonld zQmaZ5Kf8MoMcvJWBo2BDXv6D5TsuRKM3guA2ZK5b8VzxeT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-question.context.jsonld zQmZNy1CJZuDW97JbAvS3o8p9hV12eDK4oVNHjfCUYWXfc5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-selector.context.jsonld zQmUkrSTsFxwExovYxwbQrAEwv8UnE5SFW5Vfzad2BhXpUp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.slicing.context.jsonld zQmQAdmF9kNiqcdHAdXqVQjhq4YCXJhztHDDDj7FkQH2xHE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.slicing.discriminator.context.jsonld zQmVoN4HYcB3eruLn6cbiBHKbVLfKV6H7rc1dRAFa4ckcNq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition-translatable.context.jsonld zQmWe4mCG9MF3BAkxV2DdmDt9tXYjG8F6aaeh7L7vwyCZPr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/elementdefinition.type.context.jsonld zQmZGiYRwTcMG4m6bLsP1vGPbH4tWFqwYq4wuJaW2erSojD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter-associatedencounter.context.jsonld zQmPkTSAKd8ngQLzDia4be64Yt8bE1S6XFNkF6UYkAFtYzx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.classhistory.context.jsonld zQmPVSDHAAtrFfs6uWqM4fp3YP5mD1vJ883hwC8iERgyJpv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.context.jsonld zQmQf7Cj3nVDVKZEx4DoRdadPGGTcaMbHEsDugJ2E77mnVY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.diagnosis.context.jsonld zQmWzKTLKwqpc9nmno1yt8a1PcLSQUc7htkwcYqbCvSu2Mg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.hospitalization.context.jsonld zQmYUSH7cZYg6wmcTk4dKpbPqUNanRpGPB9yJARaPCCAisR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.location.context.jsonld zQmf1q72VXZvHnH83aUYn6GxQ3WSK1aj3fPzpdwjFuMVN5U
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter-modeofarrival.context.jsonld zQmRLkp858FS4fmK5o7BRvhSXg3n9jfbHvwMqceD4aucXxW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.participant.context.jsonld zQmP9kyoi1RQh9qawX4asxKrc1qCEwKaxuLctcWnPy8Zqo4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter-reasoncancelled.context.jsonld zQmRxLgvjU5FwJsvgpcj9mXunM4e7y41zF4UBntwT37TseX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/encounter.statushistory.context.jsonld zQmXMaAZNEtZNr9m6dJ4vJcBc9D6HxW2hji1qtUUnNj9y6j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/endpoint.context.jsonld zQmb77mZoFrfUcCcBXDXqLvAjEkoJGiMGweSni6aJXNZwCB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/enrollmentrequest.context.jsonld zQmRRAxjS3fhcXMkjG9SWEQjegWELzsvPU17x7D57TymMs6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/enrollmentresponse.context.jsonld zQmbftMozaRGG4ndxWSBABgwE7X144J5yZBMnZymCVYZQpm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/entryformat.context.jsonld zQmRJGJV2bbySaP7UcZdCpmGtgAQZ7dYHhsKezcZpqvdt3X
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/episodeofcare.context.jsonld zQmUyqfCt5C6VphRApczJxGeHe6MFuPR9QFWT9RwN838wkW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/episodeofcare.diagnosis.context.jsonld zQmNuCrBcbJMWK1SquUYfQvvf4wdxd6WPpqJxNABSS3caFt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/episodeofcare.statushistory.context.jsonld zQmW76PmtFDos3JmUjHqmnEt7ar5hQL8y6SowgCmadZ3fLc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-basedon.context.jsonld zQmUsP7z2yMcAEZrF9yLjxDhrCMQNGiSpimW3QUoFkB8wd2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event.context.jsonld zQmf2n2ae58HhnnW6cDWfcDvxkyLSKzdrmNiTWrmLDcr5R6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/eventdefinition.context.jsonld zQmYFLT12T8SHM4rHcPsA2W4YfpG67oXvUq6TxTfxsyXNAd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-eventhistory.context.jsonld zQmQVME39kZkfSuX6kPPnYuL6mSSJthxqtR7yrNJnJmYxfS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-location.context.jsonld zQmRzfnQJ6NXgW3EKivw3rdYmxsgbAvGaLq8PaBMDpD9n4E
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-partof.context.jsonld zQmW8WTRwffbzZr11TY62sebhcPg13WJ9co8oAqK7f1boL1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event.performer.context.jsonld zQmabMSg5bc86x1nzu5v6toauxMpdBEKpMjeym5aJ2CXbhS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-performerfunction.context.jsonld zQmfT7iUabBGwsh917tuS4gUpwqKzh9X2fQCXvWiRxwEqLP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/event-statusreason.context.jsonld zQmSrj3YTyJr2ocbcfV4AqVJ2gQ4DtpJrbHv7njF3x14gMC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/evidence.context.jsonld zQmcmJ4ExF3aSpLd9KMAERiYhtZMAq7hL7CYZYNmFfHWWys
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/evidencevariable.characteristic.context.jsonld zQmTHEtECAiVnUDwcR1gGCwAogHNLtJGsaonkSvN7ss64sA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/evidencevariable.context.jsonld zQmXCDktSPsVv3FSqiQtknjMv5Zmsohy4CMKroHSg79wfqf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/example-composition.context.jsonld zQmdLpb9CuGroN2B6UixnoeXrAiFtyTduo6fcFD5T7qMV9j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.actor.context.jsonld zQmXHYWCaxYhw47CvTr3FANTELgvejwg5WnuCYrnuRcbWXK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.context.jsonld zQmTKr9z5Mv6oJU1kcxRqEcCgn1XQDZ6uwxTNS9n6vtBDjz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.instance.containedinstance.context.jsonld zQmbj91AbHuSiCcFq71aF6AAFqcx2Diwd1CiNrAtw5jxXuD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.instance.context.jsonld zQmQNfEw5APaUHbfoWjza1Kic4JKa8zREZfmebfT4UQdE9k
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.instance.version.context.jsonld zQmShqKHf1MFPhEfoLZ1Ehmbc4y5jfWnp2GwRpbxqUKvKuN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.process.context.jsonld zQmU4AuG6zw6X3F56UoYzWobK9XNYtKYLVCBZV3WENJnCZZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.process.step.alternative.context.jsonld zQmSUvhDkrsTVe7t2MGTqbAHJeo2rPWQqT8ad1rA6UunzE5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.process.step.context.jsonld zQmZzXbbcJNqPcVCnwswqmZ39WqpuuySgod2YjrTTpZuJqA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/examplescenario.process.step.operation.context.jsonld zQmct8VVCUKU89MDP3yEfjRVqo5U4xE4PGiUUgjMrZDq2cC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/example-section-library.context.jsonld zQmZ9kK8iq533LrYj5pFfiwXUAXJdUVfTxWLKPqqGukfPp1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.accident.context.jsonld zQmRHLdQoaBuLt5491WRtk8LGT2QLxNFkfZP139tuLYovkw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.additem.context.jsonld zQmfBtEdrmJJ5hdijKDcTKz8xYSc8Aaq1HmJ3NvewvhSZGZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.additem.detail.context.jsonld zQmaBxMwcRsBs72v4hpU9KEyMW32XSoq5j7uzjsyJcd4TA8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.additem.detail.subdetail.context.jsonld zQmT8MWCPPiCw5g4RSZ6ZkBtht4sXavXetaA1KiLfpmVPc2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.benefitbalance.context.jsonld zQmWGVfFiDH4BjK8NR72RqGagQXKpeLwcbhQrUJc2cDyeVb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.benefitbalance.financial.context.jsonld zQmem1crFha9t8NFsMXgxrKDCkRt2aN3u6jZGBNddKBikgx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.careteam.context.jsonld zQmXFGQXnaxzsfCLh8PbvZaPGfY7vx7993q32uPmUvaFgMK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.context.jsonld zQmWXMZkehePab85GxV1ajUPknhYiotXJePeysEF9azAw9K
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.diagnosis.context.jsonld zQmXN2dCG53SNBFTGvb3CLLLwq4WAa9k6F8vdkrsRE6B7sx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.insurance.context.jsonld zQmakk3Qg2jzD6yqQ91hfjAhARAEAtink3P943CbMM8xaHJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.item.adjudication.context.jsonld zQmQBbkGBfC7fZXiyKpu1f1voF18yzvyGr6xHdskJ8SQhyJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.item.context.jsonld zQmaZbi4ZHV5z1jAmHkBEdp157WbcFTTLEhy3TwfQJwEDjZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.item.detail.context.jsonld zQmTEZB8pDWcD2N7X9bXSgUKJ9PCXvKpcGioteTm1CbnUFs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.item.detail.subdetail.context.jsonld zQmfVCFss2m8gvGhJkvAxZh31rkj2y5aurRkZfaP11LqwKb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.payee.context.jsonld zQmXHFH1cnGNp6baj5UzQVxc74xWDdDW56NjPT84paGFN1N
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.payment.context.jsonld zQmcggTN7Ex6TNba7yGZH8DYW5AHb6gjwCy9tkWMt6GkBxR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.procedure.context.jsonld zQmNd16SHQKeGuWN1nErkZxM5VBGQ5MVFPtzaQsuaa6FQo2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.processnote.context.jsonld zQmZ43xsqnFuxG4yLecsT2ne5CKZjd1poLECd3W2ryaQ8Mg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.related.context.jsonld zQme2nGpBseTTMRiCfedbdXGSZYr5d7QybwM66bSdwakbSz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.supportinginfo.context.jsonld zQma7bYxwTrFFYqUknSTAKRyVwtKZr8249kG5u5ZUGHNkhx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/explanationofbenefit.total.context.jsonld zQmf3huEARvYgS8GTRqTVunUzKi45aaoqJMJJe9ezW3G3ck
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/expression.context.jsonld zQmTQ5qYsbuxaKop5XXbodPxYj8r2Qd4UbZPvsTg4DXTyvY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/extension.context.jsonld zQmTATeyCjbmVnoAK6s5LmHYaiCiQLzS265oQEes2RQjuzN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory-abatement.context.jsonld zQmbUZhhRsxSzMywVmdVYR7b1iHvxQW2oZwErFf84oMcXh7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory.condition:condition.context.jsonld zQmcEfZSH9m7aU87Bcmfwirqy5MhFFVkV9dqhQeoTNeHQuH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory.condition.context.jsonld zQmcNYPtJYPfRohmdTuCt187S4VP6sh7bD8zQJ5S3jXi5KT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory.context.jsonld zQmd2SrD6j3oNd4RE9Xzvmx4pcrnzn1VqvDoX6zk6VZ21V2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory-genetic.context.jsonld zQmRyLHt2MkpZujHh4XQ6qF5aEAP92ZaXya2WTAnMJTAVcT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/family-member-history-genetics-observation.context.jsonld zQmRxNoVsEd963j99mngH23Q3kySok4dFukfotY9yTbhrNu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/family-member-history-genetics-parent.context.jsonld zQmSjmArGvB5xUWmLR8ndmJcWsoUevLKXwoozibB1KDSjEp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/family-member-history-genetics-sibling.context.jsonld zQmVP4jMnrioJTxc3ZQBEeMEQQLbnuUJoqryuhhiPPDUQUt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory-patient-record.context.jsonld zQmWW8NHHgKMvUL8T99zfxKqZfHyHxWHVmvsX6HgwHpjTTF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory-severity.context.jsonld zQmSjGyfxU2F2pisnfMPyAJsyofix9G6on1D7fnsN5tFSyJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/familymemberhistory-type.context.jsonld zQmW4Bb4Nad9rhCYviytDwrCAujxMnEfms96ieGc7zqkGjh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/fivews.context.jsonld zQmRzys35HgLa29xhPELAVmyJFcK2zShFtTuAnNnjePcMbe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/flag.context.jsonld zQmb5fJE219FSxYnTjxzYcQtDGLndYECuKA9cDXZko5DSpN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/flag-detail.context.jsonld zQmRJxFqCs6bBTicX15E7hSiNUkgH5dKrTQgmKZSNCnHseJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/flag-priority.context.jsonld zQmZhoUJixWAByJqGxsST7aueCHFayLkEiAXRx8boVXHiJM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/geolocation.context.jsonld zQmNrNU7xKe8Bb5xhSGfFRsUetnj5yjUzJGqCVYSRCYHxFa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/goal-acceptance.context.jsonld zQmYovD9557qCpRMkv6DGQeFqRUS5Smu2rGrHjccna2H2zM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/goal.context.jsonld zQmeJPGe7PXB3YFvP1xfSvqEYm5q7ZuwrUvgPrwbCeqPHHf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/goal-reasonrejected.context.jsonld zQmUPvkmNgXRvCyRp5n2B6XwUhGHAwvMnDqUjT6U5WaqPJb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/goal-relationship.context.jsonld zQmQqgmygo9ba5HsiErkSsKVS8Ntkn5yEr83r9MbUu7MdUb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/goal.target.context.jsonld zQmRKrdUas5fYEDYiz5vzPCarLRx3tV3gzVBbWeKPB6o6eW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/graphdefinition.context.jsonld zQmdFb2XfA99L9bSy85gSm9w3sSD9JDqmfPHxjbFbJWp1vU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/graphdefinition.link.context.jsonld zQmeiMTTm1q8kshtD7wFwjGCZyvNBUhwTo9abpem5Nh7sWu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/graphdefinition.link.target.compartment.context.jsonld zQmXBFmQ2BzEK9m2tZ5JtfkZQW5yRRMndLHsydXsZyJuidv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/graphdefinition.link.target.context.jsonld zQmQyPQUxyXsnmDUkjkPF5BDzx9d4Gg948YBCKUUimrFXUQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/group.characteristic.context.jsonld zQmdMm29ByawM1AEkjDQcRJj3gq7GR26RkpYr67iWYa6B4R
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/group.context.jsonld zQmcubMxz33RMrQbT4MjpmjAiKJkiVG33p1LNKugaPhuWhz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/groupdefinition.context.jsonld zQmbd7RFNHmoXBK945j4Ep1j9CLKUJWtTV96U7aG6Fzphgr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/group.member.context.jsonld zQmbzeWTWRmcFheRVLzzbCGexZiA4AEGh5pjgYrzGfL9hny
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/guidanceresponse.context.jsonld zQmTuVJE93LYAYccp3HRqGTFXr3KXxhpiHB13mE8XqZm7vw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hdlcholesterol.context.jsonld zQmSm6nfYNq4mu8F3KkdK8tk9xgUc8h2or4jxsxfZr6n1Qz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/headcircum.context.jsonld zQmX1ekqUJgWxnUPGyBqwanhGNrPLHzcPu1GN6zqGWdwNk7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/healthcareservice.availabletime.context.jsonld zQmepi7FBe1GK4Fmj1KbeMwCq7ZyWtAYcKqr1cgQsjEUqgv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/healthcareservice.context.jsonld zQmbzBWoCnib72Ma8uNzKvq33YB4PToaQ3YYvGFgEihrDCS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/healthcareservice.eligibility.context.jsonld zQmdtunHanRCphyPxtck6Y7usWMdu3iNwdVS63xgnax1Cne
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/healthcareservice.notavailable.context.jsonld zQmccHFxt39MsrCxJ4MHF4c25g48d2ZpdqSpDTGVUuEiiK1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/heartrate.context.jsonld zQmfMxJBQSKZCNPvWAh6fkkm4WnbECtE5bffb8Fye68e2fu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hla-genotyping-results-allele-database.context.jsonld zQmYqSNtExhBn32jLnTAzKQp2SR6i1e9CGma1qJMVso3Ee5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hla-genotyping-results-glstring.context.jsonld zQmdc3kYPQcrVqhqqzUtuUQxCHJDAqWma8JznRdwyZf6rm8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hla-genotyping-results-haploid.context.jsonld zQmcw5a8vWwPhiktL4vMm8dmNx2Zz7GCfx2KiE9xXQxXnPG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hla-genotyping-results-method.context.jsonld zQmTnS4e3642Ui9nDGbkGxNnU4t8izqpAHqo2aBC6iXkNgz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/hlaresult.context.jsonld zQme2SpjcSZiZrTpPn1Rv1FZsEQTxmYw8rnL7J1npcwuQw8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/http-response-header.context.jsonld zQmYiHZktwoVTo65sA67r6Touqk11NovJeLJ41Ln7waGNGx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-assembly-order.context.jsonld zQmcdE6FA1WqnfS5vkDdXH39HN6oxJG4v35NJv6GTzGdKVp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname.context.jsonld zQmNnfXdbCBngpdbjyEpcztpVXVXZXwdSut7iThiNyAgZ4X
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-fathers-family.context.jsonld zQmVEkPD2ThSmEnF4Gi1KGWcmFYZbV3UQo8TGpjL1wZBtMg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-mothers-family.context.jsonld zQmVniF293tKa7sKmNwng9uGn4WgGynxF8g6DrKrnsXANBi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-own-name.context.jsonld zQmNjZxPXYCjfTszLWTfyCVQxDZPA9LLLAktLPfm2mhpDuN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-own-prefix.context.jsonld zQmWoGmyjMEE8u5eRaqZNRvh3vuvVf79L4XRABNzEHsKuVt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-partner-name.context.jsonld zQmcKRGKeUQVKep2g2VTn5y3T8ShzEtKMvbuNWun4189un2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/humanname-partner-prefix.context.jsonld zQmYnr7h9T5cxUWoeMA8wu5jL4ebDfaciHXFwhRnKkW8ouG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/id.context.jsonld zQmVZpB6sPqNuTMrW4Wi4A2hhPdJrBfjxYp7LzE9EBfF67q
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/identifier.context.jsonld zQmWVyZNm64y25hsUybHoCey8CqtMD3TTAJcvcSmkUsrti6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/identifier-validdate.context.jsonld zQmUxtBNc2CcCD4Y2hViruYc9fBhxo83kWA4X8gevQhRCBK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/imagingstudy.context.jsonld zQmR3UsprJ6WHMnSLRr5ogahuuH9MXjDymXZhyCUkCenqUd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/imagingstudy.series.context.jsonld zQmVHJrnwuA3YqCjJWakBRnu1g4rVXTgmUohShFtqCWdsQR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/imagingstudy.series.instance.context.jsonld zQmdbhyaCrncuXUkJs8r8E69N1KN84hvSCpbj6bkb88Srka
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/imagingstudy.series.performer.context.jsonld zQmY72ySvUKLXSKxqSy77X4JE1SpqJnp7ErC9DRQyrvYNTi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunization.context.jsonld zQmNUyCBKNMV4RMyRT9S498hX43HBHHUirhFgABmHUWjBSk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunization.education.context.jsonld zQmPe7Kc3nm4rv6BWKu7w8xDz9QTCRHCYe7n4T319AGT5qG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunizationevaluation.context.jsonld zQmSKJQyHqN75QpYCqVPMSdtyFucBn4UTcSfoXeg8NbVCfk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunization.performer.context.jsonld zQmSeYcHDRfQfGfo8kpfvqLvR56M6SHKsvmdT26LxejYQrt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunization.protocolapplied.context.jsonld zQmUEgzNeADvxWr1XCUWBM8GMKXy7rXTvFLq2SfxgVr3mTK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunization.reaction.context.jsonld zQmXhm2GJRPVM5VEDsmmbNpeiaWFWHLjky1k9y659JD8CMM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunizationrecommendation.context.jsonld zQmUio7qyFXiiSRJuUkiSGaujWDeqwLFYQdbPpXvhZasqn4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunizationrecommendation.recommendation.context.jsonld zQmVfs4E9egL8TLADEUTC6L4G9ye9kZGKe9sq3p1ijRDPsz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/immunizationrecommendation.recommendation.datecriterion.context.jsonld zQmWeBUcm69M4tyAZTXgyLtknJPvSVPiDFuHTeEKfwT5B3A
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.context.jsonld zQmecev87oGfedgU3xijrW8FMFLWFnifAsUUVSJN62FSi56
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.context.jsonld zQmYu6sqYopTxd4YWMZYXGbw7YF4Ytab5TvSwKhPuGCjWF3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.grouping.context.jsonld zQmR81grrZTfwgJx6uQnHTcUVm3CXDfuHqFKYKB44yMqpM7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.page.context.jsonld zQmXtX9MgFCwEbEY4yyW6tN97jpB5RfNnbfUGxMxaSjBxYa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.parameter.context.jsonld zQmSmomm77oWggnbfDu9uCenHnrcVae9o3QdwTzsRgYx4ki
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.resource.context.jsonld zQmcoSwrEFDkzhZN6Yujz2yU3eqRtc2iiV2CMb57PJJfFch
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.definition.template.context.jsonld zQmSwi9tuzT8R6sWU88tSvDRKU5G8bka1kEHAZXtmBgAouA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.dependson.context.jsonld zQmT41tRRGR2oLMwKSeJA3bTNG3GGr7WfyJ7sjBoAqop9JJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.global.context.jsonld zQmTW2p1dCWKtiHdvut13XnYq4hhtPbKNtLTUUEYCgubqD3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.manifest.context.jsonld zQmYKNQh8EotrrD3PVsyd2ghwKFMUMtu6GfMRjbCksm5zdV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.manifest.page.context.jsonld zQmPToHBbw4GN6nU6uQnVmWxF5Fg5tZCHfX8YkMtrTte4Fg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/implementationguide.manifest.resource.context.jsonld zQmcPbXzYkhuxcKWj8ZFLmLG2optp5cf13RTUEjZG1atNk8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/instant.context.jsonld zQmVu5SHdEYnNpq1CgeuCis7s7dvzrpsaK4QH37jLKWiQds
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.contact.context.jsonld zQmNRH7n9VYESp93CfTGir23QDxMT5FSbajKLzEi8uJ3WsJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.context.jsonld zQmfTiY9zs8gazszeTj7d4KVusam6nnXa53ppZM6CH4Mgfw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.coverage.benefit.context.jsonld zQmdBVPKuEqKaN8t1VVpQmD6WPj4V8Tsd9rccnDJgaEGnxa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.coverage.benefit.limit.context.jsonld zQmQKKjonKibJDniLk51fHdy3TMYGfx4Dt6x8uLKL792j1D
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.coverage.context.jsonld zQmfWWWcGP4VT5zvbgHGLGi53sRfMRo4rC6wiDeS2ZN8cbj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.plan.context.jsonld zQmUaQh7pW9NMLK3Pvv4SfQyViERJqQMH37tY8iwumJRrMy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.plan.generalcost.context.jsonld zQmWcqE4QsMB2YirmWB5guygP81KnuVurNTfZPgcdAGxUsF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.plan.specificcost.benefit.context.jsonld zQmQ5AWmS1KtxbQ1rZHhp2d35n6MDAHFkdvpA1fuX6fj3Gy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.plan.specificcost.benefit.cost.context.jsonld zQmd91YAfAGhEFJ46wecQPf2nswWeMi3pT8Mu4jmqc5Hnmy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/insuranceplan.plan.specificcost.context.jsonld zQmRHSCT5UDNi9HgJy1W5TuVjQvQPUfqXoQPaUcpvsKwvMa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/integer.context.jsonld zQmadGZGTSuReRSrm23ADk9YHjq4ZJH1upr3yWabFA52edJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/invoice.context.jsonld zQmVfZd6wuzELmK5nkktKfGdq1Gwyey4YiTNawk2Epfx9at
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/invoice.lineitem.context.jsonld zQmSMq29PUmo1ZHAKHEwuPWDb8YshZKYDVqDNJp4heEFCCo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/invoice.lineitem.pricecomponent.context.jsonld zQmWFT4mW9wx9xyk6LcajAoYm8HR8McoFQgutsKiA2GYYVc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/invoice.participant.context.jsonld zQmVWhnjvp9nWDRghdDLEHoVTrKpCsEiMStZU4WgHEHYJ6j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-ad-use.context.jsonld zQmPvRUNPKTXSqraCBwGtJ21QKBJ3QoFnD5jWNGWFr816gV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-additionallocator.context.jsonld zQmX3Jier6AjQ6YBFQn5xeC4jrp8tsG3CpRdFeVjv3AypZy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-buildingnumbersuffix.context.jsonld zQmY53YRjxAroqdSYHBJbrZVniCBSwAWzA41geFT42Up4gD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-careof.context.jsonld zQmWU1SxngxzBGJyz8qoL56JizXWDQqyFQ2HtZags7VUvms
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-censustract.context.jsonld zQmaL7PCx8ER2eUma2amnaQHT4ueUSr9mKwVHQCX6HziRgp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-delimiter.context.jsonld zQmQCo9SszJvbKsmJo1NQh6m1cc7FDbRKAtEf12b4PPnfFk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliveryaddressline.context.jsonld zQmRzBgtf4cRAjry7vbJDo16VkWwAmcHYNKFtvBaAWoUX8Y
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliveryinstallationarea.context.jsonld zQmaTLLnbtzYPUnZTZNyC88sh8neVmJJYXLqBpgdGt6NngP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliveryinstallationqualifier.context.jsonld zQmSpTmtnH3K4qZqtcGzw369HjAniy6DNp1cnV98iP3rdzK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliveryinstallationtype.context.jsonld zQmQCehvcaBjZ2rsN9cC9ayBMCHyWRjBEJtEpiv5hV5eLFp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliverymode.context.jsonld zQmTi3UL16FULzJhRnGR34FE8w9EkpdBsaJpskYV3sF967u
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-deliverymodeidentifier.context.jsonld zQmRVpchovLYYekJ7twA7ySrtqQZ3vhUErf4TL8nANT9FD4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-direction.context.jsonld zQmbp8SHcEB5CrDrBqjgihcV4DWLKxnSzJKEf9zmpxVgaSJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-housenumber.context.jsonld zQmWnkctY1RfBMHWgUkL3X2gdXHtR53Nx44VsQLRD7eWSh1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-housenumbernumeric.context.jsonld zQmRk5TwB6eU6E3ZjiV1WBXVD5GNE7uz5sPcxrMUTupmdtU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-postbox.context.jsonld zQmWZvTRzY6uhZ5cfPm1KvqZoE3rYLiaEuSRfcBxGv4jfwL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-precinct.context.jsonld zQmTMDbk15yXqrPoGZMJ2wehtJmp6GTfYGarnQN6WGawDBc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-streetaddressline.context.jsonld zQmWxLAJrMCHA5ZkJ7WxDQwi6oagqzmGZLyFhtStA8myAaW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-streetnamebase.context.jsonld zQmW89hr5H4FhZxaqBVKm6T3J4q8tAv1RPciS1PSQzguqFZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-streetname.context.jsonld zQmP7j1A4J8pPzKn7zguDs6fFr6ZKmSkaQxMzW2gnTGsZdW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-streetnametype.context.jsonld zQmbBGR5PGexbfuZdmTTbJhqux5qtHxiLJN9QWwV8F1JMVr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-unitid.context.jsonld zQmSpGwLKDAeQkKv3D1DZw8R6S7PfQy8h9V4wLyiyhtbYDs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-adxp-unittype.context.jsonld zQmP4DW1pRsXFbFnj9CQbUmZJqcbpAur5CZ1Z71fCKcY6wA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-en-qualifier.context.jsonld zQmcAKV6yKTpDuZsw3SFMBZMvwPJ5rxVTkQi9qd8E1xVw9U
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-en-representation.context.jsonld zQmP33Y68ubDLN9xuHhsjVkNpAxHbVoWrw4ZqKGLmN2dA6Y
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-en-use.context.jsonld zQmT6Xfb53yHhEFoBMR59yxu5kBm35ehKpKLiz3t4ow7dtT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-nullflavor.context.jsonld zQmYWtRvmyiraMfWUeAdq1Y9nCCfiYZuJPJaRKepsYQfkm2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-pq-translation.context.jsonld zQmdsJiEzCACqvTC2REzTebvUSpFBNnmo7xSaGgSR2op39m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-preferred.context.jsonld zQmcu6h3PCZ8wPkwnKTPiivMhPwaZC25g6dVJmVfNF1znvb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-sc-coding.context.jsonld zQmbgWmDhwEFE6kv1wMF2mYDkWfEc2aDLUhobU4skLbpnhQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-tel-address.context.jsonld zQmU5ZtPoQgTfiQqNecRV6aMMfunHQtecwPwYcRZwKv7sKq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-uncertainty.context.jsonld zQmc1xbNSeTihyPTLqS5km9W1KEfEkszSdkftaUAEG2ZEV9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/iso21090-uncertaintytype.context.jsonld zQmXBd1kwVzwnbfVfRsqyrR1dcACSbTjG8vo9H3PyCnTSdp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/language.context.jsonld zQmW9cK1sFr6xpKeNRoNjzvP8NQSrvCZnh8XcnNCSTiGJ3i
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/ldlcholesterol.context.jsonld zQmbUALD1xfVJkSQL4wSQrShCAe1YeYu6M8LRZ4kcpvqNE7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/library.context.jsonld zQmQU8zPwSq6KYG7fSBYjjN8UXBF7VM8p3TWgmMZu7hHSP6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/linkage.context.jsonld zQmWfFqchxs6ug5nrRYcr9KFS12VPLRGHyfuskSDy7uuEXg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/linkage.item.context.jsonld zQmPA66PYkArNqerhCLxWLcREioQDV1SYC8dwN2XfYqoL59
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/lipidprofile.context.jsonld zQmRLBG4kDEmsEJbiv8XcFTddSQFvWt4Rh7jzJ6opXzbRhX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/list-changebase.context.jsonld zQmSumSu9cjS4ifLGEPZbnVYNgE3ku7abmsRPXJToZyEkht
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/list.context.jsonld zQmU4TCnq7L6ByPrby57nAtUPiWaEbQpHqRX73D55qP9eiw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/list.entry.context.jsonld zQmYhgMMY8akA6XfbUSAEnKXz9AWmkG5nvq3zFoDUFyP1Vr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/location-boundary-geojson.context.jsonld zQmRDYTk5vAhioHcYKVwjYp2g8DmKQoPA2gBLHFrgkd9cVv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/location.context.jsonld zQmTC9aus9orFL7Ta3ChhhoyyeQWhdEhwEfnjmSfKv5QmT5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/location-distance.context.jsonld zQmSz6sGdobHiV2zQucRyL4Hxpt9NeM1YztKHK5LbsdbbhH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/location.hoursofoperation.context.jsonld zQmWvcWRGVpCmY739GsDwpS4MwxrALxdoPcAqy6z2iXjGSN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/location.position.context.jsonld zQmSQrEfN5bEfBDS8PVHWkjfDKNAfQ5SXdwJoUPYsPej5kF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/markdown.context.jsonld zQmPsq525CApx8rGahSH6gXZifaT3KHoABy9izLeWN29fBd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/marketingstatus.context.jsonld zQmZCcNSGmnWYasy8Z35kJAyFyxSMVMZ7ehpv2GTA6G91ux
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/match-grade.context.jsonld zQmYihGmyWNvskTz8q8PYLEYDpm39GwfjeJDLQZnnmGHUwq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/maxdecimalplaces.context.jsonld zQmWWwftCswxDXEvPBwKA3qSngAUETESy1Xb2gNWicpBgh7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/maxsize.context.jsonld zQmTWK1YhcY62NTLnFAsYtNqYHeWTbyaxQN4RkBWgt2nU1F
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/maxvalue.context.jsonld zQmQXVta1khAFGAbpJmT7beG7NUSsmeZZatmyNxDbEEYdWt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.context.jsonld zQmcxvymwMC1wfRrvTLgCm18XH59CEsG6PVRCs1NoA3Jhcp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.group.context.jsonld zQmQEtwdZGMVsnZ7hwhBNWy2h4AYbSkMi5yMEgtNr5HrsMG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.group.population.context.jsonld zQmXWaDVzWqxSjqbxbgSq2DD1JQ6Pjjf2tXCpNmVNKKLUJg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.group.stratifier.component.context.jsonld zQmeS1xP4rk32XKwBi6su17jrkKy6MJ69bUoUYtuNtCcqU7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.group.stratifier.context.jsonld zQmZGFLnhkpMeXoxvMuHNpgRcvcstd8Uf9Z3ekTBPVsKPdb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.context.jsonld zQmStEJ4g17dZw6SxvnES2tT9jnv3n7TPA55zPwKYGsAe14
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.context.jsonld zQmTm8DHYS9hBSCtNGWeQbgMwvNB8MtLddQcvyxweD96Mve
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.population.context.jsonld zQmf9J5bUGdbQBacTFovEwsQBUVkyyvZSWD1DzzBf9G22Cb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.stratifier.context.jsonld zQmU7VFQHDAq4FjFMFraDE3zbFsKXLK2mAF9DbguVekP9eu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.stratifier.stratum.component.context.jsonld zQmVszAoQdLpxYFJsyk6Fat1dGdke2KYLtpPdY2jeRutnwY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.stratifier.stratum.context.jsonld zQmYU2fU7HJPy3gZdNiiwUCbUtQLWRynquTVpsCPwUdDhke
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measurereport.group.stratifier.stratum.population.context.jsonld zQmV4CgqgUnxqh8Ad6ceoKvLVdYhrSV5vhBGLQJ6nwSiVds
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/measure.supplementaldata.context.jsonld zQma1aepLkXJ3LH6XR6NwFbjNPKi7diKprzKpgMXDdUaZdc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/media.context.jsonld zQmQxVBianCSsKtoMCFKzS6jUhwmaaVqDL8Vx3S7NfKnfqQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationadministration.context.jsonld zQmW4VJiCroZUQQNZHz71vT9n8uYXNmYx64hJ8zTcxccEko
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationadministration.dosage.context.jsonld zQmSgrK1odAKKEyRMAwGAPe1CKpp9ZvFNxCYeeuTwfVEy89
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationadministration.performer.context.jsonld zQmSnM8dHpMsUUrj63ruamUDXWG287WqmweqCtDXfbzGtBJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medication.batch.context.jsonld zQmZkkfjGUscd6u9JLz8zZ6mF3BwCcyLL9Q2DsbnPpmhP8r
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medication.context.jsonld zQmbCkmqHBiRMsqshTfNRvbfoLtTWJHnGKy8DCYYfscyAdQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationdispense.context.jsonld zQmRKeuWsDqf9sAwNpNFoVw6g8F1Y7QKmWaHJXYX2NYP66G
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationdispense.performer.context.jsonld zQmeg3aqnGmTbDd7V9iJJY5PDvTXt4Aer2jjAqEPExNijr5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationdispense.substitution.context.jsonld zQmZTtQTrqhXFDydxKmfXZiSLxX4qL4mRwsyohsJkmR9YuG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medication.ingredient.context.jsonld zQmeJYaRBn6jfKA5QUehE5S8aPbeatL7QaNrpDDpzLTKfwE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.administrationguidelines.context.jsonld zQmcy3oX26QHvJzsHcMWziyUGCR43YTJghfHpRBRHHvgQdM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.administrationguidelines.dosage.context.jsonld zQmcyPhe5sF8QxU79SDn6R6quPutqS9yN3ry7Xmd57bPVna
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.administrationguidelines.patientcharacteristics.context.jsonld zQmeb1pofg4pThw35HMRDTFihDP4BB9dUTtiJKextXx8MLZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.context.jsonld zQmSLHFYScwQtazhdR2iWnJsUiCj4uiZSCg3SffEXryTZa4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.cost.context.jsonld zQmYy5LB5sVZbdomZaLiw7pfnRD1vqs3Lezrk4QgDBqvgot
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.drugcharacteristic.context.jsonld zQmQm5vfksUpVFjZ6d83M546jubPmdCo1QUrJmJBqBC1WnH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.ingredient.context.jsonld zQmQ1DDjSmQAubNcRX1DfEkbMnZScFuZ4jgs6qDTG6UFmMg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.kinetics.context.jsonld zQmWuKCMdkTgAywzVdAjpEfUWhGPc14F7jsHNuSSyKQh1au
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.medicineclassification.context.jsonld zQmXrNwmiUaAo8DHVHTPmwtrqUTXc2a7kv8B43VbF2vqE84
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.monitoringprogram.context.jsonld zQmVurRqbuCjXHQQKvBPmp6xnnRS5EfqXa8bsTihvbbad8G
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.monograph.context.jsonld zQmZDQL3gTeTh4ap8LtoUg2DRn59Pgp9aBjP8NJBVxfJ4AN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.packaging.context.jsonld zQmZWw9BYUjCdMwX2Z6SFettaQY8ru8W82bYipJZRTDMA9V
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.regulatory.context.jsonld zQmTJ7QhG1mAUko9hGMZye8fMBTSzNCW6745CTyoKTVwxqi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.regulatory.maxdispense.context.jsonld zQmZHc5pVkbnjPzuxtfp2amLVNtKF4JXbGejCeJb94AjMrA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.regulatory.schedule.context.jsonld zQmZxatgpB4jmzQTNiALSZN7afWNYC9J4rhtHmkdVuap68S
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.regulatory.substitution.context.jsonld zQmcaTpyG8LKrhVDf2ZEdf6dNNNCLFHmQup2K6TBFBSGbf1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationknowledge.relatedmedicationknowledge.context.jsonld zQmanZLTKu19hysUT9iuc8DdYyoGEzmHY7T2g8uXHCeqqW4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationrequest.context.jsonld zQmcYEyeFbdEZJsuWrrvkbfYaba46pzoZHnYJKzMCavR5CC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationrequest.dispenserequest.context.jsonld zQmP8SccNo6mSyVjSfsWidPpB9vgqgYYC6GPpczyWa3CxiU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationrequest.dispenserequest.initialfill.context.jsonld zQmb8hE4FgXto1vYHpFeVcFmrYiGR47W1bP5318RSKEggGX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationrequest.substitution.context.jsonld zQmT9fAEGyBB7JufDC4Q8tW1jUiow84Hj5jjCHiqKCAuZRq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicationstatement.context.jsonld zQmPw44R1sXhZV6Hr3kFR9wD8tdfv9eyKzG6kamCUDBTTou
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductauthorization.context.jsonld zQmSG68dFkEZyodaaZ39pg3hSxyyuu1fSXNgSpQfU5nQ7Fm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductauthorization.jurisdictionalauthorization.context.jsonld zQmTtjH2xQ5Qn6NtyYZtqoVXDD5SyKmv8m7hM6a1tFdzBg3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductauthorization.procedure.context.jsonld zQmPVk7hSohCEXcw5gcN1WkreEah2xEat1mH6d4m67Evm2o
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.context.jsonld zQmSupjCevsc9diDe8pmyx11VMyZcFwyLM4cA4rwEYajigB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductcontraindication.context.jsonld zQmReSk4ZHndbBWXa3nat83DBJPs4bPj1MMYWoHFoB1MjYQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductcontraindication.othertherapy.context.jsonld zQmPyiphLnDNi7LjwvcrhK81prBCRRQEoBzFigkVKpC2SFT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductindication.context.jsonld zQmQ1hokKbh4gijoCK1nEkYqhtARBkFFmMiuWhS31efYpbp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductindication.othertherapy.context.jsonld zQmR58ffCfKHVrvZtaVA1nq8mA1VGe1xNyng3twzECAWYQ5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductingredient.context.jsonld zQmNXRmNzFpjdo1GbBXXeH4NQnqoUwhcFH8LVNZPnaSthKv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductingredient.specifiedsubstance.context.jsonld zQmWJArRrLzHckQe2Gj9xTdLHYA1PXmsbMCvamfeeo7d7iU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductingredient.specifiedsubstance.strength.context.jsonld zQmR9VbPHnKZFWndrfxdMd3vcJTcrfuucSM4fj4RVGH9ceZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductingredient.specifiedsubstance.strength.referencestrength.context.jsonld zQmXS2M6S2iM7TJgUdmzsbvEQz2vVxCh4mSoXUKG7PdYVnZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductingredient.substance.context.jsonld zQmPCwpjUysggFBKHyA1DxVPKB1w87P2oFo5S9jvLT1kJfC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductinteraction.context.jsonld zQmPPruJrS5RFU24hex8UjQokV7yYhMseQcQ6BwKEqEvfZ6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductinteraction.interactant.context.jsonld zQmVV3t3jrcqdpUcAxchU2jaMG9e3C4Vi7hNf3c96XmjYDq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductmanufactured.context.jsonld zQmUGdSJSnCBitnyWi7LY7nFHLxUWSAe1DCeVLrVAFUGZDv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.manufacturingbusinessoperation.context.jsonld zQmVb2f7HCKbzLawJuCx9TfjjSfpiH9ajie4g3vKAevRHD9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.name.context.jsonld zQmWXTf7zCZ5psJJ2NdTQJ9H5WPyXXT3zNC2qADmKzsxfaV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.name.countrylanguage.context.jsonld zQmYPXUY1KQDiaHmwyJugrSFWuWgDVsatCLGW7iofQ5w9nD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.name.namepart.context.jsonld zQmVbP8VAiu2cKgxXmYgA6TqrCfVhCqXzabjNhpZgSa8L45
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpackaged.batchidentifier.context.jsonld zQmVGszmSehRis3XY8dVX8aNFBmsxzkYPAy6qxqQXuj1WEk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpackaged.context.jsonld zQmNSgfiP75tQdKpmUKvrrSxMK8mfaRpBjJ84XxAr6xcqyj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpackaged.packageitem.context.jsonld zQmUKH5bZveK2dZp3ScG3sm76gefGDA1siUzDrbwEydNqSo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpharmaceutical.characteristics.context.jsonld zQmT8UpJEDcmSjR4czBtgzfxuhzfV4xmTDJoN9cNTPZBfgT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpharmaceutical.context.jsonld zQmbCNAy1RLmGEnE2etRBeRMc67hVHheFNFpSuRxsk3iYpF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpharmaceutical.routeofadministration.context.jsonld zQmQNBx4oXR9vdU76XwKU1LswtRCTjthJ4HVWwSwmjn1oB8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpharmaceutical.routeofadministration.targetspecies.context.jsonld zQmeLgmFbQCUCoEPPbrr6x8yG7Z3Ccnnuj5zepAzvu2zhE2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductpharmaceutical.routeofadministration.targetspecies.withdrawalperiod.context.jsonld zQmTMCW69JTPJXwtDj1DEGSMxMwppPtTmHMpL48NHGCnqJB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproduct.specialdesignation.context.jsonld zQmPytnzuQakEuiDToJCAJogVFdcaDCEUTNoRuMKQfoRLha
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/medicinalproductundesirableeffect.context.jsonld zQmerzE13Rdw35DWBfFZ9x4nJV6ohTSNTCXx6m2NiQLYeA6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messagedefinition.allowedresponse.context.jsonld zQmTmhCh7cnESt9DaqSyeDyWhTYiokoqcxwoz1hgAVXLjyd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messagedefinition.context.jsonld zQmbFjXCed31riKiZ7USG22fmwif6sAs3a1WxjWV4ZxJVCG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messagedefinition.focus.context.jsonld zQmfUqH3kLMEkc3iKAWzfu2uStotk8jnoEev28HzSs9hSof
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messageheader.context.jsonld zQmQMaf77y9zH16t1qV7fk5PoHqLJb2f1rZPQavKMV44D7S
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messageheader.destination.context.jsonld zQmX8pZLH78TNHMhbw48nUnbYnXBwKUHVdpwVanddyGeC3k
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messageheader.response.context.jsonld zQmQYFBXMqTnZwTJJoKrE6HwmXj7Y9EgLv7pb2PZ5yoTkn5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messageheader-response-request.context.jsonld zQmd3dWYHsvWHH1f7d7GiymJyaACDiM95maaGnGH1AhhDYX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/messageheader.source.context.jsonld zQmQAkzZn3atdNweYN3hBrcFpayscwaeYVW9fRrxFR2V8oq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/meta.context.jsonld zQmVaBZFHdT2tRXD7xHPkMiEetPh6boL2hgtu49sCbofVL4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/metadataresource.context.jsonld zQmPniCJG7oD1v94CsHqmczwyTeh73djM8SqJ7uGWyisAPd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/mimetype.context.jsonld zQmREP5xZvAvrtAd2CF6Bhcf38uchxUmLhbqoJrNGVPUAue
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/minlength.context.jsonld zQmV6CG7tjL6TuYRdMwiQmjkJyi6D64Gbx5zRU6L3TrWvbe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/minvalue.context.jsonld zQmYxDPz2cdF38V4hhuZMvbfgS3bx4EgUwFEHmWJzkWCend
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.context.jsonld zQmbgwZo5CViBLU82GifbcBSrYYKCJMfQcuHnrRoywzkxw6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.quality.context.jsonld zQmeT88dc3Ft35ThKtq1gy7wwJcjrjk5y6YCvXLmgpxcnFQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.quality.roc.context.jsonld zQmZCvxAu6LDf6xnvyJmjWCo4PHuiH6rGuLXgkHeUqNi27W
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.referenceseq.context.jsonld zQmdPG8APcCvX5uyKCRZb7RpbVnL73npriyCk5arAoeb9ss
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.repository.context.jsonld zQmTQU6B1Du6b5EeWizNK9QCJQX7FNTToiv3EGNpnF8SfVF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.structurevariant.context.jsonld zQmbDjRS7wey1UNswLMMGtzup3iYVHymjji6GgCRSjqXnaX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.structurevariant.inner.context.jsonld zQmb9NXZZmKcZBGaKGrDsy4BTnYsRXfesQ2fTAqNs4Wp17P
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.structurevariant.outer.context.jsonld zQmdZXXpF5CcBjqvvXx5wzQXCCoQLMuoXuLKhQ3uK7aNcX4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/molecularsequence.variant.context.jsonld zQmfS6uhjF1mFR7zYePx1myAM5B6Qk2ZmeewJggdAruLiVp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/money.context.jsonld zQmXxfdnvtgZVmZRFYuTnfxQmmjgu8KWUs6DpV1ZX6pSGiC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/moneyquantity.context.jsonld zQmeCkXKgzx2gg3eRSwrM13EdH8tZBTWsyfAJLwGo4uXA4E
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/namingsystem.context.jsonld zQmdNtTop6RhYJu9vTLwV5GhesaGwxUBRViBCgUHM1NLMcs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/namingsystem.uniqueid.context.jsonld zQmYiuBsqDh7CoR8fiPbY4gS3tHgp78wzoRYCj5oJGRkrUk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/narrative.context.jsonld zQmdyxvRsF3UEJtU35fg8bqFYXLRhmqJAyyBtEvia64XyjZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/narrativelink.context.jsonld zQmXpDFERXdHLQmJpYiqU3SC4o9jkaZ7qzFftWYRRs8aBWm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder-adaptivefeedingdevice.context.jsonld zQmfSSsaAZchPDwCa9zwpn8NRRcDsmUfnj5P8ooejpuE1fD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.context.jsonld zQmY7gz6Uuj25yRgrvcxvvFtaEQxKuZUbYSdumfJ7G3U7EJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.enteralformula.administration.context.jsonld zQmdRSrGNnxxnFkMbi5D16zVb7Km2xETrLHpYywriMvypVQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.enteralformula.context.jsonld zQmcg6sXJ64oCWaLCfDAvYX7zSkatbmiDFCBWbmFvSrpHv9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.oraldiet.context.jsonld zQmWTbF5t7FspkkcMLcGKiktMNGuTrCiHqGxY69uJdKL1p7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.oraldiet.nutrient.context.jsonld zQmZZaVYjyWEn4ByFF7t82UpKpjT5zPuScecBMcFx4RxYzb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.oraldiet.texture.context.jsonld zQmTd6Z8UxsaWeMEMZ2AZF4SgUt4pdKEHV8FRJZQFZqHxy8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/nutritionorder.supplement.context.jsonld zQmRoWeycbPay9m5Mxw7tQSj72nWMzA6qVDvraUvQNMVMyv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/oauth-uris.context.jsonld zQmQXVM8SSPLyZXjMBP6dN3S3RCfGjL82v4YEAEdS6yoHDG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-bodyposition.context.jsonld zQmTNGKt8z3b7okTQViiLS8rw23USXcHVxkZcUhUbsgXVMN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation.component.context.jsonld zQmTQJB6V4zLndkPwXuHZRP8TKSmqj1rh966xwp5jyaDiDe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation.component:diastolicbp.context.jsonld zQmbn8LFrh5U6PQVgi6T3rf5T7wg2efDnGfoWNSUcfQxczD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation.component:systolicbp.context.jsonld zQmV3Jvq1eYfyY8AtpSau3SoWJXiopbjMmJguTpKcrTHCTp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation.context.jsonld zQmZiGJs959SsSEwsbJCMZw7w2FQgZ37aenEyNfEcykBqDB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observationdefinition.context.jsonld zQmd9yFBfcd3Y66Epiwi52rFM18jjXEfZWV17wM2M3wiUze
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observationdefinition.qualifiedinterval.context.jsonld zQmYrvEMhphtVPhNXeFWCCmLaeZfEiL2ftW1Ryrtpg9rfko
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observationdefinition.quantitativedetails.context.jsonld zQmNkuF3j5tkNg7GQf6WQdufB3QCocuuXrob3YqkUnMWAUE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-delta.context.jsonld zQmSDM5Do73A7QktZHrxmtK8e9nzEZHxSkXhCRsBiqtpyCJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-devicecode.context.jsonld zQmaxEVv7yrYmojnqKyagU2vftT29RB5AFXXXm3JxV1QcHA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-focuscode.context.jsonld zQmdrxK38VMnFi29MamkaTRBGxuezHQNcUaegj7vvVmumFy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-gatewaydevice.context.jsonld zQmTeuz8Be22xbmiKBz7aGEB1MmAmJCiHWZ5v7cq6rxvxKr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsallele.context.jsonld zQmc29KCrXKnH8yJxJgApgahrdx5nMVeMdgMZSzr8KTY1Qo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsaminoacidchange.context.jsonld zQmSLMqwEnMu11r4eeLbGHKrUdkoqZd299TQ8N1PF1F3msJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsancestry.context.jsonld zQmTLJPcpFJr2ochXrWnzhJcjzeq7JpXKijhAdMX73jMdDD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-genetics.context.jsonld zQmW5JkHQPW1rSppKbzmPaUVdGd7nBqHXvFqCWMozVwW7x4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticscopynumberevent.context.jsonld zQmTk1aru4ijsYzf71gPaiwC75BdnrLiSAwKpeqSqC5pau6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsdnaregionname.context.jsonld zQmVv3kQYW4Tsrp8GrXGzKh1BNYUKpKTjdGmsSfStLjJV8T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsgene.context.jsonld zQmXRQaSEN9779p7ecdVMoD5wEbL1heZfq7eV7xzRfa8u7y
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsgenomicsourceclass.context.jsonld zQmbDsJ6BngviSQJ1Gtfsg7zJtbDRcoDkDvhEnvBzb8C7b5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsinterpretation.context.jsonld zQme2xikNnviB229QzM1bbAt27nMvJmP7L62X9HNs5gWeKF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsphaseset.context.jsonld zQmcjXpXAfwSakxw3k6kF8qZVzfaEyDtyGLN85RHG5irXmw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-geneticsvariant.context.jsonld zQmcfzxNuXiq5iWPT2EZeqqH8xjjUTaawzLoBhmU5dP7Nqm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-precondition.context.jsonld zQmVgL8BCMzt2BRdDZbus1pTAeMXkYKt9MGVvPKRsC7L8Rv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-reagent.context.jsonld zQmVYcGyPNzn4jBeRfAEXrs66NTizqSSZSybrYLfySr8V23
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation.referencerange.context.jsonld zQmWJaEz17RqhBMoLD2NhaFVmror3hKMr6GtHPGP6EeaVqC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-replaces.context.jsonld zQmZYGABPDNMpWeUsQSurfD9JmRa5ny7BY91QXM9CQ86LZD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-secondaryfinding.context.jsonld zQmcrGXfZm6XDFjR3aaCHrFYZnef18LVWnumGpp1Nj4d7Hr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-sequelto.context.jsonld zQmed99HVs2QrmpkdgVaSgtFvk5rksqAgFWAdFt2e8y5r42
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-specimencode.context.jsonld zQmQm1HDQGrTXX4ezWCG5pitJefM9czD445xayLkAsrVXrM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/observation-timeoffset.context.jsonld zQmcQ7ZjLK8NjYdfT4yGf28mgKT8Jjh6r62KYsW97ihzxUE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/oid.context.jsonld zQmWHCqe7Vg8i1djU16dnGgaqA33evgpPzvpdpELgsSQ3kU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-administration.context.jsonld zQmWVqqSoEQT2J9cUwCneeqkCadRsjKUGNzjjkbYLtXrPKn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-careplan.context.jsonld zQmdwdhaoZdwBDrzQerfmBzpcFX7xHfDAaaGDU5UrGKyWkU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-exposuredate.context.jsonld zQmbyfRLVkqogZoBkzSyxbwZ6xBGekk7G65wsBdannzL6G3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-exposuredescription.context.jsonld zQmPtrbT9e2HEB68yEyaBbRPiE8YFSUot8tuNWdp8TxtfHN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-exposureduration.context.jsonld zQmXsuQQp9AqWgusYawNJjEe4btEzrbW5nAoxQGMKzizKwB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-location.context.jsonld zQmYgbcujdqcjV2xjHFdqHGrppYVcb6ZXmA72MK7GmiW1cH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-management.context.jsonld zQmYwtV2swQekz2TtBpwPqbnuknnzZzdxyidWXe99DyV7fV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/openehr-test.context.jsonld zQmcjucxihd92vfpUfAMJatEYT5WoujViADDG4CHEKcBxMz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition-allowed-type.context.jsonld zQmTUKhKpa9R12MLo7rpszRxsm8A1yqPLdsbriirGsWswPL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition.context.jsonld zQmca8U7tgBLYNvYrN5RcuFs4sb3Uw92UkJRBqhBmHAPKbN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition.overload.context.jsonld zQmUmEAj7VoeQNrtBj4dVSJvihLokh36rXzaNAaZNj1ejKq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition.parameter.binding.context.jsonld zQmfLSxdcVCVd9knnHhinxGdPkpFPjyvR8LAGSZhC1RZyn1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition.parameter.context.jsonld zQmdb8rk31ZMSS3mhNPMHqSEeKSvrPPf4FhvUX4DLWd1RTh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition.parameter.referencedfrom.context.jsonld zQmfG5VSFGfdv1GKRyjQfvLCa3M6VUNu8aAq12ZtecNxqiu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationdefinition-profile.context.jsonld zQmaAFGeq4XkBJ8JGNXYnuqDW4mqendHtBygGsFvHB1Aes6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationoutcome-authority.context.jsonld zQmU6mDGHWPAMcHRacWUHj7PJPJd7zKJS7koAfEEBM1d4fQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationoutcome.context.jsonld zQmVRMUiKhXLSGunLrGDxqAg8goWibzQFyWdSYq6cfkKEJd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationoutcome-detectedissue.context.jsonld zQmVxWyG4GVqARX4udihSXeXBvGMUUBhDv4UGWaUZJffhWC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationoutcome.issue.context.jsonld zQmbtEu8S5hrRwrYG4EVoSYydpZB1bfxkKGeS94w2TCE66M
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/operationoutcome-issue-source.context.jsonld zQmYHnzK33CZrmShzKa8ZMKgLbmxUDkcUtSQ5u2sPBL4nQ6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/ordinalvalue.context.jsonld zQmaGmo5EJ8qW4kNKRbnAnNmUDjPMx1oUJwn8pnx6ZHqJ2t
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organizationaffiliation.context.jsonld zQmZD9pnSLucmdDcwWHPc9aWbKdfA91V9WM2HUesqfKDPb8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organizationaffiliation-primaryind.context.jsonld zQmT8a2LBjJ7MYd2gDwgwNSMFwr95XVHGvpZDBkyy2vFrLd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organization.contact.context.jsonld zQmeodqRTxGN5QxTgzCq9L43oGQmVkNYD3viM8AgKL5feGu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organization.context.jsonld zQmbDxzES7oa4Wn5EEXKReec4Cbwhnqy7KjNmf3BFLFs1oN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organization-period.context.jsonld zQmTgCxwaiZhfrLDL5sMLzSXX7DcqDccqTqwXqsmN49U8Na
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/organization-preferredcontact.context.jsonld zQmWHjTt7kx6JYke5kLqKgexFWUoo9RJHSM78tzjy9RJR4g
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/originaltext.context.jsonld zQmWhzjasDwboV8gs9WuaQof8BuMh7xwJ3t3rRWEpjjLvhA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/oxygensat.context.jsonld zQmUUhCpBQ1U59Q4gSuDGfRDxfYECaAi6kTUQBYfeT6s4Sq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/parameterdefinition.context.jsonld zQmVZDVk3BcrjXcePCSJ1Vwx71AKQdyR4BfF5Dh4zHZdQmi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/parameters.context.jsonld zQmQUJ4KcRZ9hYEMFpxt3Nft8xLaK91WHf5z1wyNTnmJApJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/parameters-fullurl.context.jsonld zQmQakcCZRkGaYgEdSn3ajL6DULgp2hN2ZePxpTbPZyyqGd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/parameters.parameter.context.jsonld zQmfSEQCN8fV3SktSKasGN7zmU7WLCakznt28uxYMTadHWJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-adoptioninfo.context.jsonld zQmcAeTQb3JzmFeUDKpvhHxQiFzmN4ytgWBkWpbYs22UtE1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-animal.context.jsonld zQmZgfz1itEFYLf3VfjiFfPvXZtpskqMkTxaoeFj7YViPQt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-birthplace.context.jsonld zQmYqQiASJv9sTUb4vQWiMXJjRiSGBBgsKYHN27XCE5w3BK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-birthtime.context.jsonld zQmSJ5UC26aqeCihiRbnAZW8PyFidF94JnQ6TnXDHGBcxgQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-cadavericdonor.context.jsonld zQmQMrxXxq12bQKJ5JPwM86By7brMneY3ExkDjP1KMVHKj9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-citizenship.context.jsonld zQmP1qWsPW3XbzQdbMjFpSRKhse9YxQ3m2NvZCf1pgbBALT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient.communication.context.jsonld zQmYLLAUrj5Kh5q1pbbgc4bfRKGDsfaX8xEa7vQa5xqyWSx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-congregation.context.jsonld zQmZUbtFiuvq2mfkeccFQcCUu92SwTxHvfXfwrsYNW6ueJZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient.contact.context.jsonld zQmZnbV4zVZDAxUtNS2tiWyAGmtKcibpeSzcWaDtx6MKSLE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient.context.jsonld zQmWLGojzYGJ4Ph9pF86jSoVFgFxJJ3csHcnLeCkKdUYHd3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-disability.context.jsonld zQmWvpKnjdXdVxGfTunJn3Ds98xtWEqNd9pjvScCqCMbs5m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-genderidentity.context.jsonld zQmXVTo7TCPShi5FRSM7GscuTXNtwjc7Y8SuaS1UrS89QQs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-importance.context.jsonld zQmTQ4d1VjWmJDpVc3dPkKk64fC7RFizHHbUMjTnvVM4ZCw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-interpreterrequired.context.jsonld zQmRxcrM7WDfxE25t7A69skrKqPPsEWeBS1G3T3iTreq3mE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient.link.context.jsonld zQmPHghqRHgTmXKiZVuMxRX7jd9ESVKaPtzTyMhcuFarKUS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-mothersmaidenname.context.jsonld zQmcJkrfhkLm5gWHCygnw6ovTvmFJgDnqKYDz9zHrnNrd9B
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-nationality.context.jsonld zQmfTnVLTz2G57a3zfARHD1pwJMC7ZQd35b9Tq3ehRFX3yF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-preferencetype.context.jsonld zQmXvzMqppz8Azm1h5K3o4JqQ99N3fQGYtL5btnwT6Xqyra
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-proficiency.context.jsonld zQmSheMGmpaVFzdbExGaQEBmpUZeWvGkqQv1Eb2VFfBL9vh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-relatedperson.context.jsonld zQmcbfMfbaUSvEi7y1fHB87yoMmDwwe9hjegvy4cxuqDa4d
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/patient-religion.context.jsonld zQmTF1SRejNMXJ1BFENPUiLGBkUYQFMmLwUZuc1PwNK8ob4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/paymentnotice.context.jsonld zQmT7kaTZYoW8HYHt1ZKb2jktCQ5eyA2oX9rdEiAViDDtS8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/paymentreconciliation.context.jsonld zQmcoXWsSdYyogVGV1HcJfSHBhpwrn4PQRvcMNzJfPRTzSk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/paymentreconciliation.detail.context.jsonld zQmY559B9TzRGrmz1Yj3quP2sFkdjbYswC35b5jxYLRggwE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/paymentreconciliation.processnote.context.jsonld zQmarcDJheenPWhF5hxobYPKo1cs2JmKVfrNtJyB3gYVUN6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/period.context.jsonld zQmWFYCJDqbVfLfByXh7PfYwiCYZRtNTLTVVDYLNp8tvGNc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/person.context.jsonld zQmaR3r7Y1rtfXfHjFQ88cY1paZ3mpufe4qbXmHuaf1zyqa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/person.link.context.jsonld zQmQEwUNzAkvfwAUP3KZGpN6Rh1mJP2Qd6vsMAeL8GZYu9L
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/picoelement.context.jsonld zQmYN3K5UopcoQbksCZLRet8KxZC1v2fGdkMjq2cNT9cQmw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.action.condition.context.jsonld zQmNhV22HBi5WDnkK91wgTWRWzCrMmbv91sVsyyj57LAUcv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.action.context.jsonld zQmNaQ7b3EWGKi5BCVraE2znhEHHujhzUTJmMN4DWGhiNdu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.action.dynamicvalue.context.jsonld zQmZ88rSPrxzzcccqDqcuBXReAi5TEmAgvnBVQ1hRbnSpxc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.action.participant.context.jsonld zQmSmJP8WWh6k14z8Jm4hZVisyUYabgdmy4nKrJt9NWxFej
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.action.relatedaction.context.jsonld zQmRP7x2QJ4a5TGxSp1QBiLBYyqrBvBWRpAx36LBPRBRUrv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.context.jsonld zQmR7cvw6cTyDiZ4zXZTkEUP2ioka9cNJFfc7Wuc5pHabUW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.goal.context.jsonld zQmVD6Lw4WV7HyvkPxKr34rY6Bi4ZEezJRcvGaLZdVNCWef
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/plandefinition.goal.target.context.jsonld zQmSvQRpUwTnAvpkJSAjHx9JiP8rqoB7QgCYUDzomGq3Cf5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/population.context.jsonld zQmVzXSXHXyLEeBWa494qP9ecLq1xZo2SxrexRmPivEikwx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/positiveint.context.jsonld zQmbHwRuccadGvaMGee4uYZkDPmG1xZrPjCS95S4jHDZ2Mr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitioner-animalspecies.context.jsonld zQmQsW2CJwJzukAVYkGs81tPPjU8YYVU7UU8kuopKKmpf1j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitioner.context.jsonld zQmXimGNfdZXMmTXFTJ8YS2rwVFzK86BiDmWjrSSpA8S83C
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitioner.qualification.context.jsonld zQmdarowcSX8PSRPRfBLcgWpWBmF1rQtyS3GDRc4PwW9KFZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitionerrole.availabletime.context.jsonld zQmPAByrYUAoFuzKRHofGhBcGkbyZPDhrYYoyWMzhbVuJEG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitionerrole.context.jsonld zQmU5j6b5jacqVeqm2z6Rj7xa9794CzvjtrX22M7BoGJNpL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitionerrole.notavailable.context.jsonld zQmUuiYrcFMeKZAiH8qWxqyVjNduZFQcgzfEsYSq1eMxDK8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/practitionerrole-primaryind.context.jsonld zQmXhdDJjce7SKkmHGY1kxhbySSeoKgaiQuZHva1wFZQr6S
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-approachbodystructure.context.jsonld zQmW5scodvgNg1BdFAUdvXn55nffUE6vNAC398Db9Yyim8j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-causedby.context.jsonld zQmdw4RssQAWFinHJFJoUgxEJFMiTPTQHfaM3y1aeEVBxDX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure.context.jsonld zQmd7XuLhUSRZ7L9SDBypjioarqsVHYcDN1Mns5PcSnyTSf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-directedby.context.jsonld zQmWDJsnjLs77EDfHHgTvknqqY6yDNdsdAjQswAHbhdHLMu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure.focaldevice.context.jsonld zQmbTRnoYRxE9FMNiDo4gB48SC4Sjsm2waqpYXn6Qc7prA5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-incisiondatetime.context.jsonld zQmQVWaqYF8u4GZCQzuJmFJjT6CBwPZxtB6TTYh3w2rKdVF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-method.context.jsonld zQmQ7zT3Di1n8AGAGaAfSJQ5CvZVNFfNRKbw5ugmc9NDrbQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure.performer.context.jsonld zQmTEBzKEn5t2kwpyQ4UE33m7TfgvJ6jbht45G1x8qDBj7U
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-progressstatus.context.jsonld zQmQUJQcPJvXv2sA3fmJuwerzeomSchN1vQZ3hRPd54GvTZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-schedule.context.jsonld zQmehCc7M5rqi8gmQxUVuD11wHRAuAmsg2EH1JxZdFo56mq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/procedure-targetbodystructure.context.jsonld zQmRqYor7jgxzmivbJ2nXxWHX1w9k13sGR88AjRvjNH6iKz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/prodcharacteristic.context.jsonld zQmXpi9g4vhzNtujp6ffP3q3fVKX9j4NUbVzuEyvicA8E5L
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/productshelflife.context.jsonld zQmWrmdMmfqXj7JCckCuRws7j2QryyaRjxUfstqqDbNseb8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/provenance.agent:author.context.jsonld zQmWzGumgsLPnctByutbWkV9Yxg39pP8m6Qj1HQhZpvJ9yk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/provenance.agent.context.jsonld zQmeN2R8MEjXTqUkcNzJmPcgMM9AcQKHSBqpEcjd9Ev8omj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/provenance.context.jsonld zQmbxTTeUczmLX99At26LMsgeW4aeAaqYVhMviXvn39MKvB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/provenance.entity.context.jsonld zQmPdBiDRHRbZELYVguR7h649Q79nH5B7H6L1EHGW7ZAqZ8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/provenance-relevant-history.context.jsonld zQmNgaecFyStp9se3DdzEQEhHgmkPVSS6CTS3LykBxzSwvc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/quantity.context.jsonld zQmTmdBKFGgqjsmTGP36V9bJRXjxj4gJTy2smtXbdhGzrVH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/quantity-precision.context.jsonld zQmPo1J2188mFvsq2c12nmm38a7vWrymGCEd49GTJQshVEi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-basetype.context.jsonld zQmbeV5ZFE4XkZrqpgY3XDqPvPgeVMnSUpWGgLVBhni7y8i
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-choiceorientation.context.jsonld zQmdiXtfgKgLSjyscCqnvMgcJfNRjEgVTRXakseaDUrKQVV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-constraint.context.jsonld zQmchoGMZ1Tv2SSUMQXmQQ6pWVFCXeDezd2CRQsyhqD5hgy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire.context.jsonld zQmbppDKLaAjWxTuiVb2nbhCALSYXovnWaUHh3W3M7Dkiip
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-displaycategory.context.jsonld zQmVurdRioTQFscG5Wh1gSAE5PMTwnWXcPkisGnS6ji943h
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-fhirtype.context.jsonld zQmTyeTUc2dgjyXEf3sA3WPvTaqwapZsXE3nnoqV2dgjwkc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-hidden.context.jsonld zQmQuLPG6pvhBte7KL7cxuRWN6BQ9iZkDHFXpZ6iGNwFXVM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire.item.answeroption.context.jsonld zQmey9Gogxt5FrB2oARhtrNibzGrf6tf2HDEziXH3MyVPPx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire.item.context.jsonld zQmQEakLdJu6bnzcsyftTmqk8iNDXydYBNfhRmFgHtUWgBF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-itemcontrol.context.jsonld zQmRS2AXW2EDh5kEruRZHcuK6PK2SRDjiVkaEfX4YPfij2T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire.item.enablewhen.context.jsonld zQmcWAq4qhoRxvPM5o2zTk7xoYfcAGGLxejDHcqt55ttWmC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire.item.initial.context.jsonld zQmXiQCaysQEi1CtXD8qurqvXQQrs1JswuJMDwUmxG2hn6M
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-maxoccurs.context.jsonld zQmNhKSR1dyj6T6ZMdeW3KAe17F2TWjVfkCiW8GpVrb2HCp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-minoccurs.context.jsonld zQmbBTDtKAhvR37Xgd8KLTE7DpfgA9grdVkvGCDH5Jg3its
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-optionexclusive.context.jsonld zQmQGr5xcqeJ22UxuPdRDnu1Ein2BFoerZUR66GiygykV4k
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-optionprefix.context.jsonld zQmWNfz6KP5XZpagFTxmyM8Ggvv7p5oLJvmAtefeERgJ6Q1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-referencefilter.context.jsonld zQmZtG6yZCzgjjsGRvaBv4K28SHQWva6gLAC8UeZZ8Df38o
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-referenceprofile.context.jsonld zQmddz1yzhzSyttadwjA6VUVfZGsBSA8m2HLoSGFpF3hteG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-referenceresource.context.jsonld zQmXFDmesTuHuaHK6oaMyJYFrC3zGAVEpj6A4wff3dwzMCf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse-author.context.jsonld zQmQoqXpUkdDYxYM2qJbDVyYQy8feS5Ek6rtTwAjsmqDH3z
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse-completionmode.context.jsonld zQmRyChvG6woegzSDHHgm2i4tAEhSoxsbzKmu3FBuitJEwF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse.context.jsonld zQmWGp13YkgFFXkvZdzJ3SARjpcQUsoGfViVryDqrhStGPE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse.item.answer.context.jsonld zQmRKZrVnwpEsmCFYYSwyFbg1gaSeaA1HW1VrDGGoumi3f3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse.item.context.jsonld zQmRhSCHDV5T2vMnQFSB7HxxQCi81CeLJSX83ipyjaJJAmW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse-reason.context.jsonld zQmNYMgy5mkxTphGwN5GoBqC8nX6DsvnMRtUiNPGVV8wyE2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse-reviewer.context.jsonld zQmUzPKpC2pV78udvpmSdT8GrSRpVQtSsHkRBdKdTxJePgP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaireresponse-signature.context.jsonld zQmcPYW5tTmFiBhSZ7ySodqNqjU4ZN7r3ipKAqR4skn9SUD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-signaturerequired.context.jsonld zQmQ6bePRFfShMq6EP53H8nBUE1sx1p7fJkyqVBJeD33J9m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-sliderstepvalue.context.jsonld zQmRRiXUE4t99Zh3oHkTtVqCjTmDsGKwdmoUdqy3LyiKz4A
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-supportlink.context.jsonld zQmPaRU8ZHqx6y5fStXtSDB4iBasHitLr69wWBBXqEarz3P
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-unit.context.jsonld zQmc4UkRLjycF2cQCudh32k1R3YbML1VFjdsMNVzJM5m7ru
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-unitoption.context.jsonld zQmebF8ifpLiHQYeCSg7o9TyRNzWSqyvLvVdG6Z88YkMirR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-unitvalueset.context.jsonld zQmP3E88rCFiiwAKP8RpSecckGLVCibav8DhifzkzjH8Lwk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/questionnaire-usagemode.context.jsonld zQmTfRVuWvDQTtN8oJfSnR9nX3QoSVFXF5J2YHYXigqACmL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/range.context.jsonld zQmSxgVgD96X5EcYZLUNBy2R7ASW7rYSesaNU5e3nHQLjeT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/ratio.context.jsonld zQmaYnfxDNQoNkKzeiRVk2SPbLqK1fjxofkdpBQBGPCmTaB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/reference.context.jsonld zQmZKbv6acF66He3GvGkSeuPRn4pwJjrB62bQgux8i8rSye
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/regex.context.jsonld zQmUX4zkqh78LrAfhaj2vKYu88iQmD41er99eXB2sD4XVLE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/relatedartifact.context.jsonld zQmf95FdNgZA8zf13M2hzwJm9sgykeuWU9TZLS6EAiMvXx8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/relatedperson.communication.context.jsonld zQmTqZekM7p1XWht1jeMiciyMTe1yFF9M4CKR93cmpKapnE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/relatedperson.context.jsonld zQmVC4zsHAc1jbRjJ1f8RVAm6ScHdN6nobisRoTjnjW5Sif
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/relative-date.context.jsonld zQmXFVjG7BNDGrv2oYHRp688pTWtBFoC7Tf5M8oaHfdu61i
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/rendered-value.context.jsonld zQmapVx16pgnntAKTsjZDMpsUGLcdBskDNJjZMYXQzQuhWp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/rendering-markdown.context.jsonld zQmZ9e9XyMc2hQqSY927wrCXPpvsE52zxueorVqbziykJjE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/rendering-style.context.jsonld zQmb3ahCLFPtiND9vPoXsDxQNvuWbnCTS2ghVAbNLPAsdX9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/rendering-stylesensitive.context.jsonld zQmWG3Nj7drE7BPXAPTxZ64c1SKTcJqfVNemFt1nKvPJ41m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/rendering-xhtml.context.jsonld zQmUALcAvSYZZpF7yb7ifrfBx2DDN9zWhouL8NGErvnLryN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/replaces.context.jsonld zQmfRf5Lcyd34jbaJNXg3NNYhpSKwnA6T9nC1R8yjqBwTCG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request.context.jsonld zQmZ2dRHdLGYmi3CABL7Je8oeiaJrCS4YrknEbU7sv4egWG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-donotperform.context.jsonld zQmW9MXxE4ZmBoyuVVPw5X3T1sz7Y8NXUGJF6XFKbynyYZE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/requestgroup.action.condition.context.jsonld zQmbyAbkw7q5L1EgFirFVgzYzVRJrv2pJoVH3LBbBC9cvsh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/requestgroup.action.context.jsonld zQmbRyGf1N9gM5risLo2M8ByvKvEB8CcnHHvVDpX1YkXw98
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/requestgroup.action.relatedaction.context.jsonld zQmRFEVZC6Ay4rf4JfquTc8JjwS8gUs6MXWmTWLYu2f6iE9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/requestgroup.context.jsonld zQmUqeSsoZJGLQpkcSG3AqHkfyCiJCxadJsFCafvTvqj89k
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-insurance.context.jsonld zQmfLGoo1ESJDfMWc1KKSmkdwb4ybivmwofknn7k8SzK5Eu
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-performerorder.context.jsonld zQmfAUKavAA39AnuQ5YwwGWTXYrsD5xRLXXYgqcJVUSnjsq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-relevanthistory.context.jsonld zQmR4txJiP79AbZqoBns1W1j91pSsZ9qrTvLLu24BQCKeEH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-replaces.context.jsonld zQmQA3hzRwsbXs6Q97pVTafBjhNTM9VQETxCM3hSiXqKtcP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/request-statusreason.context.jsonld zQmYzqEui42Fmd2wnvSxiYUnJe3ftdaqQXKwwDBVHG8nzYD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchdefinition.context.jsonld zQmeuyn5xnWXC8KX53HGZgtUer1fX9KmZeByzbzTXs28TNG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchelementdefinition.characteristic.context.jsonld zQmcUK6yUJtKhMCbJWiwsadeTtDkEG6xxswS4jhYsFszWuy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchelementdefinition.context.jsonld zQmeKTKgzfM4rf8wmRvbA4v7t9G9DTMCehGGXDA1aKGFw8B
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchstudy.arm.context.jsonld zQmT1uPz6jDG9k3M2wVX9gcodLf1zTDdt4xdEFRKoESvCBB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchstudy.context.jsonld zQmcRChjtnc11NxWGxqHK2UqvEGgC3tgm58u9gmHWtHjMfy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchstudy.objective.context.jsonld zQme39RogbvuUPBQ7fRXyXP8aRMQtv5YTEWdqaAEvUx77Ty
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/researchsubject.context.jsonld zQmbMdGH3Lrd9fmH3tv2iKvyhce8o5ZpKu9RvJNNG95otDc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resource-approvaldate.context.jsonld zQmVxLCcdfysFVC3rhKLJMVAVbabpHTnKVzSptQKrBtb1Lz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resource.context.jsonld zQmV7y7qzZkWktjL8JYbAaaKSH8TjG9RbYAvGJNEK9aaykF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resource-effectiveperiod.context.jsonld zQmcjouoiUcuoCFniWHmKmmy6qw3b3nW4XtGXjG1rbtfRjh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resource-lastreviewdate.context.jsonld zQmQjDivJMCh5rNbUyd77kbBDfWxLTL5Hpp8pS6itN78iN6
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resource-pertainstogoal.context.jsonld zQmY8MZ1hu7biRnuY8V786Ahs9LqjzSjxirMKVSYE6tt1W1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/resprate.context.jsonld zQmUKQcfpwtGYWoUYCULH518Uvv3EjEKRUdMoo1tQPno4zb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskassessment.context.jsonld zQmXpFQJKQPte1WNGUGAvSabeXAMZQYhP5EXtrQCVWtzwLy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskassessment.prediction.context.jsonld zQmRUyroz99uZrUsVooFxCHgC4GQg4J54xzKm6fX3hxG8gH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.certainty.certaintysubcomponent.context.jsonld zQmXGGGrA3ELbSm42PgnJpcxWUWsJBGxxYgsWEAHDtmhozT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.certainty.context.jsonld zQmPehuEYUhJjV4beeXaxmHvXbEQwigUTTryoXfTwcfTy4T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.context.jsonld zQmUotuqYzXJwbfs5ybznqRh99v1qx77h3jVjPvAmMk9cKm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.riskestimate.context.jsonld zQmQC5CNTdtGwhhhLwdtrYvk9Jk9Ga8wYGeuZu9Tm2DWN1j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.riskestimate.precisionestimate.context.jsonld zQmbTcHec5yE1QzTJksXrkgJKj595DYtKi4UDkDevkFfuAH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/riskevidencesynthesis.samplesize.context.jsonld zQmSStyrABvGC7AisFUS2BNzZou9LNCEfx77FKgLHrXxF93
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/root.context.jsonld zQmdwfu1tuEXp7vdppUWCMzo6VKo92RRds7A4ag5c7UFQd8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/sampleddata.context.jsonld zQmbefS6PgstHbGfDrMLhPwQvkkPoUBypJ7Eh6rQrGCY8M5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/schedule.context.jsonld zQmPTbfD8SRg2GN38ZRE6RRZVt7xqRL8VCV2i4JfrNR4YQ5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/searchparameter.component.context.jsonld zQmRGpeAVCxD4vJxo8angKWWqTHmHggzovbyZ2WkEZ4umB2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/searchparameter.context.jsonld zQmRuEant57YJ2imeeKnDZKt7ttVskwo6cnRqfciAgb89pA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/servicerequest.context.jsonld zQmaGbRc3pL1t8A9zWx4u2bQXQ5pa6kEusnNYTv5qzm1JHX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/servicerequest-genetics.context.jsonld zQmQhKqK2FaehAmUXKqsmoGsvRTpLhPDdb86whAbjokkate
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/servicerequest-geneticsitem.context.jsonld zQmWyvds71ECg6Y2KqJCPK9PZEpvTr189241DkfCujapf7a
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/servicerequest-precondition.context.jsonld zQmZBKunjDjLHUDRJSr3GsSQT6u1PHcjG9KuvJZkJd5gkuH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/servicerequest-questionnairerequest.context.jsonld zQmQC37yhz6YSWsDZfWDf4Rf2LL7oa83M4NGB3jzyAPnzbM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareableactivitydefinition.context.jsonld zQmQyjTXJKV4yYnfqqBFVUMN7zN5puDjfmfZnbWnSsLHZTj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareablecodesystem.context.jsonld zQmWXx2mZUXK11CWmas81M7mZ4MiA5UaEiz2N6QwqZyCMtE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareablelibrary.context.jsonld zQmfCJ9yaxFajiu1VekGMN6pVtPXo9ha5tBP8dvq2WRf4QA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareablemeasure.context.jsonld zQmXdeyrS8AibW1D7g5CXTKBHhxqS7z3YAbcFPmvQEzwKnW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareableplandefinition.context.jsonld zQmUpdtKBctLRhoV2myHBX5onWhL8dshmb64jbg3gr4SJDc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/shareablevalueset.context.jsonld zQmTsaebRFuKf5RkoKo1GSMP8r64d8danBSi42Woq7YD79i
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/signature.context.jsonld zQmbmbCcLrWvtsYcT4JMtMgZKFggCa9r7AC38ATxfDpyyBX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/simplequantity.context.jsonld zQmbBRzkwco2LN3zpdYenpU7h4DqJrVzEmq5hwQeNVxmyzw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/slot.context.jsonld zQmYyF8sxEuM4QrpBvbV36DUjNr7XvVeFk7ZWw3nCrsSDyL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen.collection.context.jsonld zQmdR1rgeMSJXCbMR4guMSmRHW5BTFwFtExWGhqJiwD1kcw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen-collectionpriority.context.jsonld zQmQhmPTCcDJLj2TbMD9oSK7ff9neVdRiaXzunzRQ1vV8Nz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen.container.context.jsonld zQmSLqvHAjgXJZqWvsHfXRznRmBMD8n7RGwV4Vm5ZNfKwQj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen.context.jsonld zQmcXSj4StJoQmpnxcyASKHTLxJqQ9RpTjnA8AuyXoYFsn1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimendefinition.context.jsonld zQmTXunqDUmChbaNeDC4xsAdo5MGR8kv9nVsrq9g6ZT3Kp3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimendefinition.typetested.container.additive.context.jsonld zQmeKszgn7jvGHWBL7VCik1AXVeMNcTgwUzdcdRJevMAnUW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimendefinition.typetested.container.context.jsonld zQmaUBZpTpnCKs4vej2DMQcZK2a9x5UfqXyaLkSqdRVmzbK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimendefinition.typetested.context.jsonld zQmWP5rJEMAQG3WoW1jJ49E1BSDQCa3eSi8RYbtpyXZzGcC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimendefinition.typetested.handling.context.jsonld zQmTzzCGwZ4fr57kqLej2KFcNiZYLEUp9sLKcN6xtddKWuy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen-isdryweight.context.jsonld zQmPmVwy2oReeHEcm1m2Chg9vCasHAWJDrRWyJbnj5XGPVg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen.processing.context.jsonld zQmSfvpkxaTdoMHWwGGdu6vP1tEV7G97Qa6fB5no2DsYVfj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen-processingtime.context.jsonld zQmUAaEYap6Dm6frMqfJHyDqdtq3axazbC2gyuGmEbDnG5Q
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen-sequencenumber.context.jsonld zQmZF7j93iuTSiGdBjDrtnQYpL1aLw2Uyho1jm23XA7GKCX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/specimen-specialhandling.context.jsonld zQmXD5JU7zUnLH7PbLpbUzEeLnhn6QoFLaNtzEmkjP3uMcS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/string.context.jsonld zQmeKMLeUWyVoHqiUtFR47345dHnq4hzmr13N64Z2hW6HTm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-ancestor.context.jsonld zQmRai5zPrRXfPPbWH2VLUyzY1BTodpD5jezxZk9sBMhAaC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-applicable-version.context.jsonld zQmcuonya3r5KUu1j1Ec26RfucLjMXBB9SNASpfK3Td547v
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-category.context.jsonld zQmPfkbiLMg1Qo1eSMB6MhpLGjNVwn3uhqKVQkhn2dEHnsF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-codegen-super.context.jsonld zQmQ2eBN25iHh9rESfeFJQFEnNvnX8rX4gNnEuRYxyp5HXa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition.context.context.jsonld zQmRFdTYCiyAKfyte7HTU5k4Z73ZBimF4BgJJq7qupJEdrm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition.context.jsonld zQmVNbNMBGqQ8XaAvEpbj2oH87Q8S2CXrB9E7BGYMoewU8f
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-dependencies.context.jsonld zQmeqJAYBSs8VHQkA4nMUV5eRZXiQv8ALsbyo8XT6Y6dQan
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition.differential.context.jsonld zQmSf9VPYnXQVBGsyAJjrDaaH12iMUk5dFtoki8T2wB9KAD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-display-hint.context.jsonld zQmUR3SLthkM7ND5WLuCpZV4uVdv5xA1c6xjCdqwPj8GenE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-explicit-type-name.context.jsonld zQmQTBT4ru3rD321WqSk1bScd93HQB6srZTrg2AXc5vQupe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-fhir-type.context.jsonld zQmQCXk5j6zWbEuyBESzUV3vv4irprCPYSSSzgAZMicHdqN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-fmm.context.jsonld zQmSW8FdMhVecEsbzz6Z2j8hLc9GMLoXdNQrwPRtU8MigtG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-fmm-no-warnings.context.jsonld zQmZdVWcQvyktKeZsCyMJqHuU6dwd4KNxfZ8uZuAQGUcdMm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-hierarchy.context.jsonld zQmRneTKeg99ug1vSjDPhr2QL6abM7r5cvtg3YqL8SeVsDt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-json-type.context.jsonld zQmPmBFTSHEhuKZx2ZDX1dMQEpjRmyx2rED8uwNVG89ZsqS
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition.mapping.context.jsonld zQmT2VgmNKceiKkAZRHdJ79p5fNjmVHwxL1gTFQVHFVsFZC
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-normative-version.context.jsonld zQmRyCvTXY27s8yKEvDhh6v3NSz56oLZyYFEGRZTZ99DdKi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-rdf-type.context.jsonld zQmXGfhem5LqFMzbdwZDeof2Qsmkk7Q15QZGJQaCqfZiRoo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-security-category.context.jsonld zQmetsgVtuzMBZMb8bxaJc8J3tDa4ycN6H3y79bBAXRsQZy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition.snapshot.context.jsonld zQmRQQL2JADqj2GpyfnZf6ERGQE5P7RWhwra27t9d96Qzdj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-standards-status.context.jsonld zQmekxZhowMronBpubeMrE2mfo1Sd3k2K5nawMQTg9RVDp5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-summary.context.jsonld zQmWbetqRntWmKrQqPzhfjJ11qNT8osRBcYiH77XnrQiDCG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-table-name.context.jsonld zQmQrPdMKap9wMuz6fsvs7YmTF6PhvNwJQEfRXXTTrDL4UW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-template-status.context.jsonld zQmVGgYrY9dqPqpK6Unz7dJVUhQBA6Lstuv4dRNxHNUFuwX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-wg.context.jsonld zQmNRzZ5iK7h7MY1J8hP47JfkiKHRVirHjeCPSzwuYRHQCA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-xml-no-order.context.jsonld zQmXnnrinurEriL5eG3RsDfiNhyRmUhYRH5Gh5AXtE85B5x
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuredefinition-xml-type.context.jsonld zQmTAUyWxA1Z7QBdLRSkgATYoPHvFJ8q8d8mP6ZRkf7aCxQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.context.jsonld zQmasp3px6YukWUaG59csFJoggeP8qoZgshjtnjjTGoDHLV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.context.jsonld zQmNrCLa9TandhzRekxHcWEuvGsG79yCTtqx3xwQbMwYAWc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.input.context.jsonld zQmXQ4Sbadte31ihVwG5vE6xzHDXY3azUszkFqH4kEg2ob5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.rule.context.jsonld zQmXtzVhbZMv4x9s3ABuWFibFa3SAbFqc75skEsYavrkPVW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.rule.dependent.context.jsonld zQmY3DNtmRRpkgoURRMQ1W5TLKRc4evwdRSARShKVC3Ao8j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.rule.source.context.jsonld zQmVNXWTBkkrbQ2s2EcPjHofNXzM4gRcuAWggdmjUiE34QA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.rule.target.context.jsonld zQmTRudadx2TpPBNbRkKS1zHe1iuqgqYVPrMsuExV1vDYK2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.group.rule.target.parameter.context.jsonld zQmYcsvqAZkab8qbd4rATbZLF4zJjstsL1LtTZSvCpLvRP8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/structuremap.structure.context.jsonld zQmUQ4iK1kpYC8uZumFBYATPA38Q32j6KpQZvGWaY58NPBh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/subscription.channel.context.jsonld zQmUYyQenbaVJegFnPKXirZwEJBGJ4H1baKTXooGSt3H94K
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/subscription.context.jsonld zQmYQxcBrcgsfB729gwpfgvZ9P1kwqJkqtvCPY19VagvM5N
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substanceamount.context.jsonld zQmQwWyjGi8xHD96CC3KaovJxqLCWXLvWGAiRq7C2Xx4DQh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substanceamount.referencerange.context.jsonld zQmPTJrmLV3izSevGNiWBZaseKJRgeV4k1ss4acKZWSLinL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substance.context.jsonld zQmZwGCdbXqzAvhgmjrLvMnBjvxzAwjASw4FKitmjyYXNDo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substance.ingredient.context.jsonld zQmUgji59vmZpnTiqQBRy2a4sNr5CJvYadmuxG2GDKFcZyv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substance.instance.context.jsonld zQmfKdNNzhyEvfKWWpbf3m1pVPD58Gzn4HcEK24zwbQ9Mvn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancenucleicacid.context.jsonld zQmWeAPaJRJCcqEWT9r4G9FVUiK5rqC4djtBAPRK6esWntc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancenucleicacid.subunit.context.jsonld zQmbJdUtUt8tq5sp4f34y21V6xA7ideRHur35KpRtuZffzk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancenucleicacid.subunit.linkage.context.jsonld zQmNtJhC8Y97xnCeH3FYvecLm6UyDPTXAYeciVDrUWWyWEj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancenucleicacid.subunit.sugar.context.jsonld zQmVge1iovmhopzB9QwKa9sv7Yon217u8U7c7VG8cJnANke
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.context.jsonld zQmQQKCYiCfmik6GS5gWRwrvLn2qU9HQoMgeNZKc3K4FzG3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.monomerset.context.jsonld zQmRR4L1HNzQSLdVqBYUcK61d3vkWuR4NPYkpDJ8jxRahCZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.monomerset.startingmaterial.context.jsonld zQmf6yrQWp6MDQoVCDEEWhruJHJGjbbadMc9uoAaQocC6ff
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.repeat.context.jsonld zQmPB3r3L8F1B7UCcpS4eRhyEewFMVKKF7fdRiN8g6vmvEW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.repeat.repeatunit.context.jsonld zQmULJXh6HBapVN6qbMkZy9NxD6p5KBQjjbdJhU8JBj8bw5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.repeat.repeatunit.degreeofpolymerisation.context.jsonld zQmaLuocjy8xm3sYy1gvif77HiEBA34bR3VoE9cv6a9ZYzF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancepolymer.repeat.repeatunit.structuralrepresentation.context.jsonld zQmSAZ3iSKeHGZ4GecdwLdKHRHQED73ZwiyXLNvwmt9SMkH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substanceprotein.context.jsonld zQmVGBwxu2U1ZTz34jttYH4qJCpNzxdXVYfadYmsA5cQYeM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substanceprotein.subunit.context.jsonld zQma4GBspq7hy8GrDWEdbj62MitZEZR1prN57utkgGz7PM4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancereferenceinformation.classification.context.jsonld zQmeTrnSmYPA4dbtfbGSp22JA56yTQmvi9jgfgRiZkDaJRT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancereferenceinformation.context.jsonld zQmd3jsrrVX14ATWmsYriChkQF39a9mQRCg3ApY7v7CDtNZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancereferenceinformation.gene.context.jsonld zQmeQYX2roiaKgazyzmSXjVvWeEmJh2Q5mViwb5X6kuwW4N
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancereferenceinformation.geneelement.context.jsonld zQmbvMeoSKDTdbhNzpaq2yKfCin3o5Wv7kAEMkiFBA5EMra
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancereferenceinformation.target.context.jsonld zQmUusPiV3Sdy5jFrPCaD4E4UhdfyTkVF6kZHmBarTPyewc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.context.jsonld zQmfB1dMh3236Th3mUmJt7hDASqisURQdr4ezrkYyVPmJFA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.fractiondescription.context.jsonld zQmeQk9bNoTtAa8qCB4gg1Rss4RiBK8TEh5rjJXomPG7QxE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.organism.author.context.jsonld zQmZrYyTZj15yeQm2Vssxfip5BYeV7aro5NVF8EVq3Dco5c
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.organism.context.jsonld zQmSFZTiGdvcUWfyDFL7mpJFrDhpxJKZL8UgYWAGsVxhyRF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.organism.hybrid.context.jsonld zQmSW1FxKsrK4yoyDATMkiDBdjxcsFCTee3xUWQBPWnwCY9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.organism.organismgeneral.context.jsonld zQmUuXGuvUEWizYdpSxfQY1uk5deJJTy4F9EYUb7vb76ZLf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancesourcematerial.partdescription.context.jsonld zQmZQEL8eDLVcvStEWNoYKLxV3zdQzHXx5w4vmBh4rPiLhK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.code.context.jsonld zQmPYSrLmm7SVCKexiCBCs5tdor7an2jHdmk6bbSRY7FcUW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.context.jsonld zQmV9h8EjUBXo4TQJM7BtRTyohWQoyEvkz6xkCS8SCREvQx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.moiety.context.jsonld zQmS8G7ZpaGnsGiqg9vnmLxN7ejRBXv5C1DVsQrAD5y8PfM
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.name.context.jsonld zQmZXUbSm5QTbQZ7Ky8v9f6N2hYZJozvhU3pa66hMNXQ9f4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.name.official.context.jsonld zQmYyAUFAYGRhPVdF2nFZytiWegCEVosFsFxL87re8Y1ApJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.property.context.jsonld zQmfZHFTBzf9v77CWpEDV5bptMnpXG73XMFqsJZGxuaQM4V
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.relationship.context.jsonld zQmY5G5qtdH36v71cXLvF4uvhcXCZUiNTZqeWqhvg2ytnQw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.structure.context.jsonld zQmTkGwhN8eG4r3YaGyankrxA8nxEiLVe2oT9p4tRJ2qAYD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.structure.isotope.context.jsonld zQmSNEpvq34sYQEgWGZ3TizadUUEqxo1PMzMEE6AZiMorSo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.structure.isotope.molecularweight.context.jsonld zQmVRWAhi97gg3ViAKzJ8RvbPm93S8p35Nd1Z1WcvvMLRRr
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/substancespecification.structure.representation.context.jsonld zQmbX94yHkmPbJTFC3jbGsuqPEazYPBw2aRSwKpRii2MGGj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/supplydelivery.context.jsonld zQmQbKdX98eWqFYv53r5rYsC7xWnTdSS9Tmb7vSTkDuauJG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/supplydelivery.supplieditem.context.jsonld zQmRt5GUNPMX963DEddbEXyBuPv2LCzrEFrqCBNJPtWKjaq
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/supplyrequest.context.jsonld zQmPVDiFuv1x4dHqkUgXeCw5qjmXhtP2pAPZBnSfecnRCc4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/supplyrequest.parameter.context.jsonld zQmXJuTpn4dVS17Dnfy9GYDtXFDYcrG6qdyoUeG3SsgZGYw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/synthesis.context.jsonld zQmU4yWtLGLc3m5UjkRCHCfNsucsC8n1P2s7G8epLPSYWDz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task-candidatelist.context.jsonld zQmZkeEXzejejSQ6rTKy2zbkuhYE4gyC7kCVGqgTKwHGwvf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task.context.jsonld zQmd7CE27aMXj5y7yUnQ9ggKxK1J5mkS1b2qJqTKbmWqUcZ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task.input.context.jsonld zQmUBjRnh4pHrbrtaAfptk87fLLnc8UnSUGgsBson5tbEvR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task.output.context.jsonld zQmUWR9a7kDp6kyX4jpGXdFRfcphpAaNQLqeDEwP8KS6VDi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task-replaces.context.jsonld zQmVAVuXqqpEzNEKYcD65hS45x8Y1yY8fYojEcGHuSgJr54
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/task.restriction.context.jsonld zQmPWZ776eJRF7qzXG6pjgxvvTzCxDzPhu7u8Qqr3Sxmf3v
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.closure.context.jsonld zQmRB87tvfT9iSUqNVW2KbLVMssfGEFLjoFVmXtH7Tt9Hfb
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.codesystem.context.jsonld zQmQWRza5k85qwKQnBYZGJ5AMwp1mzYQUTEGeFAFZfjQgfo
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.codesystem.version.context.jsonld zQmbParnCmojUSz71AucnZfa1tm6z6qPWTpP6ZbCX5TSLs2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.codesystem.version.filter.context.jsonld zQmSm2zYEmvwKYX79xqdw38A6F12FUwXvCRgwBkLJfy99NR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.context.jsonld zQmcsL2EhMoXkV8yFKip64mj8QW2kk55NWCei6Kjob5rgUn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.expansion.context.jsonld zQmPcPdV4F6ABiSYf8EA7Bpt2QGgKaeyfs8fDCJb1KzFe8Q
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.expansion.parameter.context.jsonld zQmcXazS2M6Q9NgogzVXeSVkET416efnY7hQVJ74iTNXHkt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.implementation.context.jsonld zQmZ19xhtPKzpJsBm48Zz4MVEASRU1ajWaGD3GS1HLXRbBj
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.software.context.jsonld zQmQKNovjCbRytxVRgMHtJ7jhUXUefGG4hWyeascfGCPghV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.translation.context.jsonld zQmcdcqHqFGBsSsA44LMGbPhrDTwMjwYiuEDxjZFTKvUWNV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/terminologycapabilities.validatecode.context.jsonld zQmazio6hUhWAtHWnGaCZUQyfb5JRAHgppRR5mtzkBdgTDE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.context.jsonld zQmb3kiVhiSfBRgv6AraCEJNxBDBph7nGNuJXyemz4Jd4Ps
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.participant.context.jsonld zQmZpgqcbwhoCciETwsB93hg2dpzJvkAudwCVAPupnViviQ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.setup.action.assert.context.jsonld zQmcRZYFG5a25QtBxFfvwRZZ62Sf6LABRuhujQYtBvuefEN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.setup.action.context.jsonld zQmU9W3HrVQBjpMErcsKgKgt5pndkhxpdcibzFeKpQVRgZw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.setup.action.operation.context.jsonld zQmThehX5LXxvJhskTctGNYtDZByavK2vi9jmrQVqP4SvZP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.setup.context.jsonld zQmUDVxJdz2rxTghSqMS9PYwQPamvw5VofbT4ua376mcdn4
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.teardown.action.context.jsonld zQmUwrUUXLY5Pp4nP9R8hZ2ALh1mSKDeESNRzLodDhuMXnf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.teardown.context.jsonld zQmUAqQv78LvUpSyZJXsyDYtKY3pg9dKLKBEaRtej2Vd6r2
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.test.action.context.jsonld zQmRnRzvwkAwy8JuXcyDi3cvZYq7Aq8NojRbB11fNP9i83e
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testreport.test.context.jsonld zQmeRZxEPUHYvwRbUtHpifmxqYjRC7mTiQEfJLUWykaxJUT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.context.jsonld zQmc6eA2zTipcUnCPVEbEu9jSGoFY5DWhGRV4tfGrB2erLf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.destination.context.jsonld zQmeCcnaoVNjKdGXHeoUw5jUZVumoaozLxjpZ9ACVkdHRhf
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.fixture.context.jsonld zQmPDt8wUYT6j4XmK5of2HacP4fQL5NRyJUm1iZFhAxeT6d
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.metadata.capability.context.jsonld zQmd5njDBH7eDnhK8TTEaDuQQqSToZnest8LxUf8z42nF9T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.metadata.context.jsonld zQmYmyaTMvM3hzVAbvr1EHntt9W3MLyhpyiho2MPXYorDQk
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.metadata.link.context.jsonld zQmcrwyQSryFgvgV4GTKTkjrNhWXkBhDggX56CrofWT88ju
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.origin.context.jsonld zQmNtpX4Rak4NcR7s2RmxS1M5PZyNtdgwpKaT9gGDC5vHqd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.setup.action.assert.context.jsonld zQmTPSGC7m6TCquV1FQPPY7S92u4kWVRBkzHDT9hG6aFMSV
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.setup.action.context.jsonld zQmbcgtTqBXwzLDCS5KvEm4eaL85tBkdgkJto9ggCrbRGFe
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.setup.action.operation.context.jsonld zQmYWX1MhPqxfJRuYFBY5e1ymAumPSX2NfegnJu5PyEjEq5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.setup.action.operation.requestheader.context.jsonld zQmZUwJVpF7VqGGt6C7c2sKrnGPRQfpvhkFeWGbCWqKTkZB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.setup.context.jsonld zQmbHLtdTFh18o7xzJ9KZ3AKS3BUAMSmTvyocVNFR7iSzvX
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.teardown.action.context.jsonld zQmfJaYdKj4W4zo1oLWrwiKDhHjbLcWzfoxsWXg6GBF1QCg
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.teardown.context.jsonld zQmS2PLavb2zLhUDC1nuy8hq2ocf57YYRwtf9NNz6cTVRMp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.test.action.context.jsonld zQmYwCGcfZDZdPReKZFdCW13fBAqEv6Cb75xe4g8z7a4DXB
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.test.context.jsonld zQmVyC154i68M1sZGaC37ALorYuyuMCh77wT2iMJgyf65se
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/testscript.variable.context.jsonld zQmPrjtdu3W1my6xefBspW2VSksMFL63V49qrTn4yUaJZqF
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/time.context.jsonld zQmdngSs84JNZgz2Zmh5RKqviDvNN64VMhdUrJeHiYpEFr5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/timing.context.jsonld zQmZwSvAg7yRTpapebtkSWGpchAYrrumVS2qsSSKs6HJAk9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/timing-dayofmonth.context.jsonld zQmejfoT2YDvb2VVyucZAdBW6dca4NoyoP7yhCPwXfbP9ct
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/timing-daysofcycle.context.jsonld zQmUp2yQeDEDYkrhYA4WdF39HzjHXvxGXSJAMbui24FCDTK
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/timing-exact.context.jsonld zQmeEJXHpkiBWBX3xwvN9EGr3HDBZhcjJMbnHSoyeTw9Rec
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/timing.repeat.context.jsonld zQmfDDha169bNthdPiBZxjUzihG1saD2jSi4qx5MsdH7n47
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/translation.context.jsonld zQmXwAGVcN8nWYG3z3xFavxQ1NcYFkvCDBE71wqCZvct92j
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/triggerdefinition.context.jsonld zQmRpBdKMXdVsftvQHDdEN5bAV2h9k6YYhdQ3HS52g66itR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/triglyceride.context.jsonld zQmYvqX9JjQmcBCbcEhpREVRKrDaVt4Qv4BzXQtaHum16wx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/tz-code.context.jsonld zQmYHNooQJM1mHm72DJw8JK13DvnLrcTrdQi6jgqR2xs6am
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/tz-offset.context.jsonld zQmfKQcUhcTcLDq8x5wkjPeYYScxcAXZCrruN9Xdej372L8
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/unsignedint.context.jsonld zQmXnHnvXP6QUufQULzG4mGgwRwZLKhw9s8jmgyCQcfdDdY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/uri.context.jsonld zQmQQB7kbEpZTHefnDRR8N1KBupabQUBLLHKWumkx8Ainqz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/url.context.jsonld zQmYoNvTN2wg7YYJvT2Nj4wqdLWtt5j7R84pNvUSEvZHGXJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/usagecontext.context.jsonld zQmWJaFNoq8SFW9pRzbGwsBBeyyHqHtEHkejDRhPP4KYgHG
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/usagecontext-group.context.jsonld zQmeeoJX7W7KpYFDuqj52nchuw2uqB79a6u9bPZ8wYUDZPi
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/uuid.context.jsonld zQmPwLsfAx5hBk5aEga5TSmEe2M4Pztz7K4cUWQAQHMTNKx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-activitystatusdate.context.jsonld zQmVMgvohJB9FqT5JYgUfkxHbSQS1sfxL4rH1gM3iGZFw2B
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-author.context.jsonld zQmRutQSpEuQbC6mAvsfS6fbSy25kDdCW4YVDm3djVQAGma
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-authoritativesource.context.jsonld zQmPooQzu2PN8oYPL6BfyBg28MPLCUT7moftxyyoRoe6Qvc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-casesensitive.context.jsonld zQmYLSzNrXGDxK4V5mwuxWZMzP25PhTVrKfqvQJeHa7mGna
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.compose.context.jsonld zQmabRLAjhtctnqQhncZU5oaWsXuZxtYGMupKUANBtrqjPN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.compose.include.concept.context.jsonld zQmNbE5Sm58T8zGRawhr986TvtmcvdRY7NWxLWHSpdEMqKJ
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.compose.include.concept.designation.context.jsonld zQmZuVkXUUZ6wTbM5BZ49EX8FDybg2Z2CfyEj7yPMY8v6ZL
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.compose.include.context.jsonld zQmRxU7MeffemcQJvjit357kmTMvZQvzCPp9M49wGErNz7m
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.compose.include.filter.context.jsonld zQmb9srxSrg1mmsCvzLXKt4cJHGRfktxpy1pShkGjdqV4ia
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-concept-comments.context.jsonld zQmPkKZTbKkYy9bes961yGbpQXgJMebXX4HTAu1sHYHXfue
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-concept-definition.context.jsonld zQmRXp8w3ZMcW9mDBvP3rB5Xc1zKu9XNAkwvEjQtYYWzXGT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-conceptorder.context.jsonld zQmXefSJLSskvJW68R5xwSSWoo5MKK4fLLMrtgY9TcbhM4x
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.context.jsonld zQmNvKJ5XvRqjNkvuCgcvsQY66jjd5dCNecwjSRQH9BLAMz
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-deprecated.context.jsonld zQmX1CpVwbKVqJVp6tsXcpCpiwTATH93gMNs6PaL74mjUkv
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-effectivedate.context.jsonld zQme4CDC5T2297mdTPyJh1FKqJkTtt7qPo7G6oHat9JajDT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-expand-group.context.jsonld zQmZyaQhPT4YWKANiPxVCP1eBMwxjbdqqvKfvogX4uZMWPE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-expand-rules.context.jsonld zQmRz43sfiLTG6TJeBdMqPs6Q3ZCeoiT1ThpjVXoG31jafm
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.expansion.contains.context.jsonld zQmVkbg849c4xKXrbkkxNedGsMvLP449SBKbUC5TwFQdYsw
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.expansion.context.jsonld zQmNfYG28XDJiwSXrPhgoVWjgTHk87ykS3DPgLtB2Hpk8Bp
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset.expansion.parameter.context.jsonld zQmPvRco24KBAmY218zddUzL2CBoaP8RocP8pA2vKoBxDp7
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-expansionsource.context.jsonld zQmWqJ5CQm4NyFEvZ9ap1FEHuPZJoDX1aQQLvKkwDVu86QU
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-expirationdate.context.jsonld zQmThSSwnwDeBPEua8fpf8iQWH3Vx3YQzGbBCk3gTm7i6PE
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-expression.context.jsonld zQmd1Rr3XxTxDEfHQh1BTQuf2U6wW2YKb1osVT16F2abgev
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-extensible.context.jsonld zQmRHfxFgawWkae46jnuT49pW2hybpTprJxo56YWqirqfRn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-keyword.context.jsonld zQmbXMeumq9epnhn1bLyRAX7vTxWJJ9JCFk36GGZAuhcTsa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-label.context.jsonld zQmTUUmHFk11Udwy7KJMKHx2ZdRtr4KZzK6TdWKxxZwp6Hh
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-map.context.jsonld zQmeVyZfxU8ds1UBfDKaGx3XAGNDetonHCLZJLg7jmenJ5B
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-othername.context.jsonld zQmQppTCVdK6kdGqb7mRUQe9mnHVBhG9BvH5TgCKT67Upn5
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-parametersource.context.jsonld zQmdTDPTDAdyFfNi3gsN3H6SHdFDhn2ESQ688U4jkjnsn7v
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-reference.context.jsonld zQmRaTe6QNGeZiFrG7yYLsqh1MG64kqfucc96abPDkeDbXR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-rules-text.context.jsonld zQmNVjzk6VAEeecW12g2UY338unaQUSw3VYcHMVRbcapo6V
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-sourcereference.context.jsonld zQmcyy3C4VmkKxgDLGnzCLpbtVcU4TAWRNF9ujyyLTpatZY
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-special-status.context.jsonld zQmRTyNPoDteVsZyKieNP3WvKYUHvW2uRGuwgcQhTRTw7z3
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-steward.context.jsonld zQmeiwfRZMpMURf7jsRihfud2HMZuiVkUa94ANxJPdoxtTN
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-supplement.context.jsonld zQmfNd7XCHNbpGCt6S63VdwrhxFb9FWaq4wVZiHqm5tXxfT
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-system.context.jsonld zQmWbAiwoZCQmX6MUs6Qn9jXnzjozF2xqBWQwzNnnV7Ct3d
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-systemname.context.jsonld zQmTpV1KBVhYXJAz4DisuBRHwJsaeT57u7GwWbD64GSiKvy
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-systemref.context.jsonld zQmNxvL2PJJ45f1njCi7egM7cA6wkdvU73Px2Ec57Z2Mf1T
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-toocostly.context.jsonld zQmVZSvELS2nnZ66XSNVb8AoB1Dx72gBr8TXDyHhsZuhdwH
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-trusted-expansion.context.jsonld zQmX2qS1KwQzhdw2aXY59RRwKznr3w4k3qibWvudEgWsyLd
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-unclosed.context.jsonld zQmUZLw6c3iT3xRWSnLdGXrU7M8NnJR5iegmGhyvLeUxSC9
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-usage.context.jsonld zQmUWPLgSd4RUw5NaXgG64tSweYVLUqTunTkQk57hUFq75E
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-warning.context.jsonld zQmaiyCMjhWfJ6hJUxxc922GUNoADBZd7g9hqAo27AjorYP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/valueset-workflowstatus.context.jsonld zQmQcrrkgoEAMYxruxFbQxegCbf3efEEURKoGxf6p8aFRQt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/variable.context.jsonld zQmSDHmAoDfnLDy8wWPyj1Q6PzgMa1wXSo14rJ5aPBzBxpA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/verificationresult.attestation.context.jsonld zQmQ3kbxmstNFJLFgV1pnSbKmBMXz3onZXr5vTP8Xvi4xy1
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/verificationresult.context.jsonld zQmcJ37kftoXcdbkbCeD9FPgfWvBmHUwVZ8GhRZUxh7FEGA
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/verificationresult.primarysource.context.jsonld zQmekvSLPSPi45SkGu1wTZ4h3n8h9cjLkswp16y9VRo2gJc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/verificationresult.validator.context.jsonld zQmcPy1tqnHBF66hmQc3mf2vpmxmG6LbLQMSCxpZRcT9PKt
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/visionprescription.context.jsonld zQmSZG4E59FBfEcHtTpJi4HVbzh5eVCz8UJMQf82QD7A7XP
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/visionprescription.lensspecification.context.jsonld zQmPT9or197cJ3eTPkFzVB4CJTnCyDoL1qAnc5mxHGLhpHa
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/visionprescription.lensspecification.prism.context.jsonld zQmVWRiv7wSuE2uENEukrr6XFHDWS3vZdvhJFuoJXLSo8tx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/vitalsigns.context.jsonld zQmXAEb8LwXMaCbS8ziDSqedD7NLExiywiqEVddzGbKXK7S
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/vitalspanel.context.jsonld zQmZHT3voiN1aMozTGiDmuRcQtkWAxt97Mkn9xLzTpFd5cs
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-episodeofcare.context.jsonld zQmfYzToRFHHydP9wqVKJU2VS3HJ72iFYALR8aZESTp4AYx
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-instantiatescanonical.context.jsonld zQmRLuBLfH1sy84AqEMWELpwh1w2TUsRHL8Ff3SK1e5BQ52
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-instantiatesuri.context.jsonld zQmXZ5cfYCEJyqCfCmeuHozhFhiN1okzDf4kzqn6JHzjnxc
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-reasoncode.context.jsonld zQmPgtDdA95ju8qC5ZKKkeN1r2ab9aTgVLALGkq9FtozSkW
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-reasonreference.context.jsonld zQmfQmVB5ZfAMGCpZoa8HAqVYjhj7aupLR9gtcuwaRNNvUn
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-relatedartifact.context.jsonld zQmUPpGCEpoV4Wot9Dujs4E9dkPa8CN5o9RQKrxUJ6quY8N
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-researchstudy.context.jsonld zQmNvCmFDZ4t7hVLPbxKbKmJPwrezHU3ip5SPHtEYJPhdVD
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/workflow-supportinginfo.context.jsonld zQmYSrWKiz5vewTyabJz24UknPjyTKPwk3oym6bbccmCMmR
jsonld_context_files/contextFiles/r4/xhtml.context.jsonld zQmXpRrpxz3xgCuMmSoQmbQh3XghtvuiouuLbXFhb4HYvDn
